Such compound is the end member of a series on which our research groups have recently focused, as forming new types of lithium salts [e.g. Li(TADC) and Li(PATC)], where the anion is of the “Hückel” type, i.e. the charge is stabilised on a 5-membered azole ring formed by progressive substitution of nitrogens by the more electron-withdrawing (C–CN) group.Such behavior arises due to quantum size effects that are manifested only in the case of particles below a certain critical size limit.
Semiconductor nanoparticles that show these quantum size effects are called quantum dots.
AOT, a well-known capping agent for semiconductor nanoparticles, is a double-chain anionic surfactant.
Their tendency to form spherical reverse micelles whose size increases with increase in Wo (the molar ratio of water to surfactant in oil) has been used with success in the synthesis of inorganic nanoparticles of controlled dimensions.
The driving force for the entrapment is the attractive electrostatic interactions between the cadmium cations present in the solution and the anionic sulfate group of AOT molecules within the thin film matrix.
Such charge overcompensation (though not to this extent) is known to occur in the layer-by-layer electrostatically assembled systems.
A number of factors could be responsible for the observed trends in mass change.
We are pursuing this aspect currently.
Unlike AOT having double hydrocarbon chains, stearic acid and octadecyl amine molecules are single chained molecules and tend to pack in planar structures in the form of bilayer stacks.
AOT as mentioned above has an inherent tendency to form spherical reverse micelles.
Spherical colloidal particles of polymers (typically polystyrene) or silica with diameters from 20 nm up to 1 µm and larger with low coefficients of variation in their diameter (often ∼1.5% for polystyrene particles) are readily available either from commercial suppliers or by published syntheses.
As the volume fraction of particles in solution increases the particles crystallise into close packed arrays driven by maximisation of the vibrational entropy of the system.
These close packed arrays of uniform sub-micron particles offer an attractive and, in principle, simple means to template the three dimensional structure of a variety of materials.
Arrays of particles of this type one or two layers thick have been used as masks in lithographic processes where material was either deposited through the layer or the layer was used as an etch resist in a process sometimes referred to as “natural lithography”, for examples see the recent review by Burmeister et al.
The attraction of this approach is that it allows the use of sub-micron lithographic processes without the associated high cost of using X-ray or electron beam lithographic techniques.
Three dimensional close packed arrays of uniform colloidal spherical particles (artificial opals) have also attracted attention because of their potential as templates for the fabrication of photonic crystals.
These three dimensional colloidal particle arrays show diffractive properties (they are opalescent) and in transmission possess a stop band due to Bragg diffraction between the layers of particles in the crystal.
However for photonic crystal applications the inverse opal structure is more attractive because it has a higher proportion of void space.
In a three dimensional dielectric photonic crystal it is possible for a photonic band gap to arise corresponding to a frequency range in which light will not propagate within the crystal because of multiple Bragg reflections.
Interest in two and three dimensional photonic crystals is driven by the potential applications of these structures in optoelectronic devices such as integrated waveguide structures, optical limiters and switches.
These applications require a high degree of regular packing, uniform void feature size and, in many cases, the systematic introduction of defects at particular places within the structure.
Inverse opals have been prepared by several groups by infiltration of the spaces between the colloidal particles in the template by precursor materials such as Si(OH)4 solution metal alkoxides, phenolic resin,polymers and semiconductor quantum dots with varying degrees of success in terms of the quality and regularity of the final nanostructured material.
In all these approaches the template is removed after infiltration, in the case of the silica template by dissolving in HF, in the case of the polymer template by either dissolving in a suitable organic solvent or by calcination.
Complete removal of the template spheres is possible because where the spheres touch in the template structure circular “windows” between the spherical voids are left in the final inverse structure so that all the voids are interconnected.
The diameter of these interconnecting windows depends on the method used to infiltrate the template and form the final material.
After removal of the template the material is usually consolidated or converted into the final chemical form by calcination.
This process often leads to significant shrinkage of the structures (typically by 20 to 35%) and cracking of the sample.
Metallic inverse opal structures show different photonic properties to those fabricated from dielectric materials and are, therefore, of interest in their own right.
Structures made with features in the hundreds of nm size range should show photonic properties in the visible region of the spectrum.
The first examples of metallic inverse opal structures where reported by Jiang et al. and by Velev et al.
Jiang et al. used silica spheres as the template and used nanocrystal catalysed electroless deposition to infiltrate the structures with platinum, copper, nickel, gold and silver.
Velev et al. used polystyrene latex templates and infiltrated the structure with colloidal gold particles.
Two other approaches which have been used to prepare metallic nanostructures are the infiltration of the colloidal crystal template by an appropriate metal salt, conversion to the oxalate and then thermal decomposition to give the metal and the direct infiltration of the template by the molten metal.
The first example of electrochemical deposition through a colloidal template was reported by Braun and Wiltzius who described the electrochemical deposition of CdSe and CdS through templates assembled from 466 nm diameter polystyrene spheres assembled on an indium tin oxide electrode.
Subsequent work has extended this approach to the deposition of other semiconductors metals (notably platinum, gold, silver, cobalt, nickel tin/cobalt alloy), metal oxides (ZnO and PbO2) and conducting polymers.
A recent review by Braun and Wiltzius concentrates on the electrochemical growth of photonic crystals.
Electrochemical deposition has a number of significant advantages, particularly for the deposition of thin, supported films of macroporous materials.
First, electrochemical deposition produces a high density of the deposited material within the voids of the template and leads to volume templating of the structure as opposed to templating of material around the surface of the template spheres.
As a result there is no shrinkage of the material when the template is removed and no need for further processing steps or the use of elevated temperatures.
In consequence the resulting metal film is a true cast of the template structure and the size of the spherical voids within the metal is directly determined by the size of template spheres used.
Second, electrodeposition can be used to prepare a wide range of materials from both aqueous and non-aqueous solutions under conditions which are compatible with the template.
Third, electrochemical deposition allows fine control over the thickness of the resulting macroporous film through control of the total charge passed to deposit the film.
This is a unique feature of the approach.
Fourth, electrochemical deposition is ideal for the production of thin supported layers for applications such as photonic mirrors since the surface of the electrochemically deposited film can be very uniform.
It is also important to note that, because the template spheres are assembled onto the flat surface of the electrode and because electrochemical deposition occurs from the electrode surface out through the overlying template, the first layer of templated material, deposited out to a thickness comparable to the diameter of the template spheres used, has a different structure from subsequent layers.
Subsequent growth of the film by electrodeposition out through the template leads to a modulation of the surface topography of the film in a regular manner that will depend on the precise choice of deposition bath and deposition conditions.
Remote nanoparticle detection is required for the development of in situ biological probes.
Fluorescence is a possible detection technology since it is both sensitive and selective and is already widely used for biological analysis.
Both techniques have similar sensitivities but with SERRS many more codes can be written onto the surface of the nanoparticles than is the case with fluorescence.
In addition, since both fluorophores and non fluorophores are suitable a more robust, extensive and simpler labelling chemistry can be used.
Enhancement of Raman scattering can be obtained in a number of ways.
The plasmon frequency is often shifted by aggregation of the particles.
Our group has recently succeeded in proving the existence of enantioselective discrimination in the intramolecular quenching of benzoylthiophene-derived triplets by phenols and indoles.
This has been defined as a type of quenching different from energy or electron transfer and does not lead to any photochemical product; it is inherent to photoreactions via triplet exciplexes They can compete with other events such as electron transfer (ET); actually, using benzophenone–anisole systems it has been demonstrated that the relationship between IQ rate constants and oxidation potentials follows Rehm–Weller behavior.
This implies involvement of the same intermediate for IQ and ET processes.
Bichromophoric compounds containing benzophenone and naphthalene units constitute classical textbook systems, that have been used to study singlet–singlet and triplet–triplet energy transfer processes.
In this respect, Shizuka and co-workers have studied benzophenone–methoxynaphthalene bichromophores BP–(CH2)3–NPOMe
They suggested that deactivation of the methoxynaphthalene triplet, generated by intramolecular benzophenone photosensitization, occurs by interaction with the ground-state BP-moiety through triplet exciplexes with loose sandwich-like structures and weak charge transfer character.
Intramolecular triplet–triplet energy transfer from KP (ET = 69 kcal mol–1)12 to the NPX moiety (ET = 62 kcal mol–1)9 results in the NPX triplet (λabs = 430 nm)
Diastereomeric discrimination, though associated with charge transfer quenching (rather than exciplex formation) has been previously reported for 1,2,3,4-tetraphenyl-1,4-diketones.
The enzyme nitrogenase catalyzes the conversion of atmospheric nitrogen to ammonia.
Although nitrogen is abundant in the air, it has to be converted to a biologically accessible form, in this case NH3, in order to be used by plants.
In nature, the conversion of N2 to NH3 can only be performed by a small group of diazotrophic microorganisms that contain the enzyme nitrogenase.
Nitrogenase catalyzes the following reaction: N2 + 8H+ + 8e− + 16ATP → 2NH3 + H2 + 16ADP + 16PiThe most common form of nitrogenase contains an FeMo-cofactor (FeMoco), a cluster of the stoichiometry MoFe7S9, where the reduction of N2 most probably takes place.
When Mo is absent, some organisms can form alternative nitrogenases, where Mo is substituted by V or Fe.
In most cases, the activity of alternative nitrogenases decreases with the sequence Mo > V > Fe.
The Fe-only nitrogenase thus has the lowest activity.
The active center of this nitrogenase is an FeFe-cofactor (FeFeco), which consists exclusively of iron and sulfur atoms.
In addition to the low activity for nitrogen fixation, the Fe-only nitrogenase catalyzes an unusually high hydrogen evolution.
The paper is organized as follows.
The X-ray structure of the conventional Mo-containing nitrogenase has been determined by X-ray diffraction for different bacteria and with different resolutions.
From these studies and from EXAFS-studies it is known that nitrogenase consists of two proteins, the Fe protein and the MoFe protein.
The Fe protein contains a ferredoxin, i.e. an Fe4S4 cluster, and transfers electrons to the FeMo protein along with the hydrolysis of Mg-bound ATP.
The FeMo protein contains a P-cluster (Fe8S7) and a FeMo cofactor (MoFe7S9, FeMoco).
The P-cluster presumably transfers the electrons which come from the ferredoxin, on to the FeMoco, where the reduction of N2 most probably takes place.
The protons required for the reduction come from solution.
A very recent X-ray study of the MoFe-protein revealed that the FeMoco has a central ligand in the cavity, which could be either nitrogen, oxygen or carbon.
Subsequent theoretical studies by us and other researchers have presented strong support for the central ligand to be nitrogen.
It has been shown by ENDOR and ESEEM spectroscopy that the central nitrogen ligand does not exchange during turnover.
For the Fe-nitrogenase, there is no crystal structure available, and thus it is not yet known, whether a central N ligand is present in the cavity as well, but this seems well possible.
A recent EXAFS and Mössbauer study by Krahn et al. shows that the iron and sulfur atoms most probably assume the same prismatic geometry as in the FeMo cofactor.
It is clear that for both the FeMoco and the FeFeco there will be changes in structure and mechanics due to an inclusion of the central ligand.
The central ligand only changes the catalytic properties of the FeMoco slightly.
Dinitrogen adsorption and reduction on the triangular Fe atoms as suggested by4 is still possible with energies similar to those for the FeMoco without a central ligand.
Since TiO2 electrode was first studied for water decomposition under UV-light irradiation, a variety of photocatalysts, mainly Ti, Nb and Ta based oxides, have been reported to be effective for photocatalytic decomposition of water.
A group of Domen et al. first demonstrated the use of ion-exchangeable layered oxides, K4Nb6O17 and K2La2Ti3O10, as effective photocatalysts for water splitting.
Upon loading transition metal co-catalyst, NiOx, these materials show much higher activity than the “bulk type” catalysts such as Pt/TiO2.
It was explained that these layered materials use their interlayer space as reaction sites, where electron-hole recombination process could be retarded by physical separation of electron and hole pairs generated by photo-absorption.
On the other hand, Ta-based catalysts have recently been developed as a new class of photocatalyst.
Kudo et al. first studied the photocatalytic properties of many Ta-based catalysts, such as Sr2Ta2O79 and NaTaO3.
Among these catalysts, La doped NiO/NaTaO3 showed extremely high efficiency with quantum yields as high as 50% under UV irradiation.
Recently, Zou et al. demonstrated the direct water splitting under visible light irradiation with In–Ni–Ta oxides.
However, for most of the photocatalysts, it is necessary to load transition metal co-catalysts to achieve high activity for water splitting.
The above Ta-based catalysts can be classified to anhydrous bulk type photocatalysts.
Machida et al. first studied the photocatalytic properties of layered perovskite tantalates.
They prepared layered tantalates, ANdTa2O7 (A = H or Na) in hydrous form, whose interlayer space is potentially available for the reaction.
However, the activity of these layered tantalates was lower than that of NaNdTa2O7 in dehydrated form, indicating that hydration of this type of layered tantalate is not effective in improving the photocatalytic activity.
A2SrTa2O7 (A = H, Li, K and Rb) type tantalate are new members of Ruddlesden–Popper type layered perovskite.
The structure of K2SrTa2O7 and its hydrate has been recently clarified.
These materials are composed of layers of Sr–Ta perovskite sheets and potassium ions located in the interlayer.
The layered structure allows spontaneous water intercalation when anhydrous K2SrTa2O7 is kept in air at ambient temperature.
Some such derivatives of the [N5]− anion, ([N5C2n]−, (2 ≤ n ≤ 5), have been made before, but for most only in minute amounts by laser ablation techniques.
The original synthesis of an [N5C4]− anion was made as early as .1923
This and the other [N5C2n]− anions are proposed to be chemically stable and their lithium salts to be very dissociated i.e. having very low lattice energies.
For the latter application a facile dissociation of the lithium salts into lithium ions and anions is of prime interest to obtain large numbers of charge carriers.
Arguably Gibbs energy values for the anions and the corresponding 1∶1 lithium ion pairs allow a simple theoretical measure of the dissociation of the lithium salts.
Kim et al. have found a linear relationship between dissociation energies computed in this way and experimental lattice energies in the present energy range.
The theory of electronic non-adiabatic effects is usually considered as part of the broader field related to the dynamics of molecular systems.
This is indeed the case as long as one assumes that the nuclear motion is governed by model potentials or semi-empirical potentials.
However once the molecular dynamics is to be treated by ab-initio magnitudes such as potential energy surfaces (PES) and non-adiabatic coupling terms (NACT), this field extends into quantum chemistry.
As a result it becomes an interdisciplinary field located in between quantum chemistry and molecular dynamics.
The main reason for this observation is the fact that the Born–Oppenheimer eigenfunctions depend on two sets of coordinates the electronic coordinates and the nuclear coordinates.
The quantum chemistry treatment is carried out with respect to the (fast) moving electrons but for fixed nuclei and therefore the spatial dependence, or configuration space, is rarely considered.
On the other hand molecular dynamics is carried out with ‘average’ magnitudes, indeed derived from ab-initio treatments, but for which the electronic coordinates are not apparent either due to the way the calculations are made, as in the case of PESs, or are eliminated by integration, as in case of NACTs and also other magnitudes e.g. transition dipole moments.
One of the more important mathematical concepts that play a role in quantum chemistry is the fact that the electronic eigenfunctions form a Hilbert space.
Since while treating molecular dynamics we do not encounter, explicitly, the electronic eigenfunctions, the Hilbert space, so it seems, plays a secondary role.
This is indeed the case as long as the only interest is in PESs and similar magnitudes such as transition dipole moments etc. The situation changes significantly when NACTs are considered, for the following reason: as long as we are interested in PESs and the like we refer to magnitudes that are formed within one single Hilbert space, namely a Hilbert space at a given point in configuration space.
Still, as long as the complete Hilbert space is small, containing a few eigenfunctions, this situation may cause some inconvenience but usually can be treated first mathematically and then numerically.
This breakup is not expected to happen in the whole configuration space but may happen in a given region in configuration space.
As for H + H2: this system was studied with respect to the title subject by several groups as well as by ours.
An initial report of an electrochemically generated, spectroscopically characterized short-lived [Hg(iii)(cyclam)][BF4]2 species by Deming et al. in 19761 has never been confirmed.
But it stimulated Jørgensen2,3 to predict the possible existence of HgF4.
Analogous to the 5d8 AuIII oxidation state, a 5d8 HgIV species should be more stable than a HgIII d9 state.
In 1993, we reported the first application of quantum chemical methods to the problem.
Using high-level quasirelativistic pseudopotential QCISD(T) calculations with, at the time, respectable basis sets, the square-planar D4h symmetrical HgF4 was predicted to be thermodynamically stable in the gas phase with respect to the elimination reaction HgF4 → HgF2 + F2 (see Fig. S1 of electronic supplementary information (ESI) for transition state).
Comparison with nonrelativistic pseudopotential results showed that the stability of the higher oxidation state is of relativistic origin.
Most notably, the results showed that a better description of electron correlation should increase the reaction energy.
This was confirmed five years later by Liu et al. using larger basis sets and CCSD(T) methods.
HgCl4 was in contrast suggested to be thermodynamically unstable with respect to Cl2 elimination.
Seth et al. predicted that the eka-mercury analogue of HgF4, (112)F4, should be even more stable than HgF4 with respect to F2 elimination.
Recently, Pyykkö et al. showed computationally that HgH4 and HgH6 are significantly endothermic, but have moderate activation barriers to H2 elimination.
Up to date, none of the discussed high-valent mercury compounds systems has been confirmed experimentally.
The technical difficulties for their synthesis have apparently been too large.
As aggregation energies disfavor HgF4 against HgF2 in the condensed phase, molecular beam or matrix isolation techniques would seem appropriate.
However, the use of aggressive fluorine compounds and of mercury does not make the former route attractive for experimentalists, and the latter route also has not produced evidence for high-valent mercury.
The quest for Hg(iv) complexes remains thus a major challenge, and we have recently started to consider new synthetic targets and routes, including electrochemical access using chelate or macrocyclic ligands and/or oxidizing matrix environments.
The only alternative is currently to use density functional theory (DFT) methods.
However, as the accuracy of the various DFT approaches may not be improved systematically towards the exact result, and the most appropriate functional is not immediately obvious, it is necessary to validate DFT methods on smaller models, for which accurate coupled cluster methods may still be used.
It is well established that the triplet lifetime of ruthenium(ii) bis(2,2′:6′,2″-terpyridine) at ambient temperatures can be prolonged by attaching an alkynylene substituent at the 4′-position.
This strategy works particularly well for the corresponding binuclear complexes, where the triplet lifetimes at 20 °C exceed that of the parent complex by a factor of at least .1000
Prolongation of the triplet lifetime is due to two complementary effects; namely, decoupling of the lowest-energy triplet state from upper-lying metal-centred states and extended delocalisation of the promoted electron over the substituted ligand.
Electron delocalisation can occur because the lowest-energy triplet is of metal-to-ligand, charge-transfer (MLCT) character and is formed by selective charge injection into the alkyne-substituted ligand.
The photophysical properties of metal poly(pyridine) complexes are subject to the energy-gap law.
But, in order to expose this relationship, it is necessary to allow for coupling between the emitting state and higher-lying triplets.
It is known from related systems that k0 decreases with increasing extent of electron delocalisation of the promoted electron.
The exact details underlying this behaviour will be described elsewhere.
Ellipticine (1) is an alkaloid isolated from Ochrosia elliptica.
These effects are believed to result from DNA-binding, with intercalation being a necessary condition for antitumor activity.
Electrostatic energy, dispersion energy, induction energy and charge transfer are the contributions of stacking energy in the intercalated systems.
When the problem is treated with ab initio methods, correlated calculations are strictly required for calculations of interaction energy, because the Hartree–Fock method and the DFT methods do not include the dispersion energy.
High level ab initio calculations are prohibitively expensive for large systems (such as an intercalator and a DNA fragment) and there is so far only one paper reporting interaction energies of intercalator–base pair systems and one paper reporting interaction energies of intercalator–single base.
Stacking interactions of various DNA bases and DNA base pairs were already studied.
For example, in ref. 7 the interaction energies between base pairs in A-DNA and B-DNA are discussed.
Simple empirical potentials consisting of a van der Waals term and a Coulombic term with atom-centred point charges are able to reproduce the ab initio stacking energy quite well.
However, this does not mean that each empirical potential is accurate.
DNA charge transfer (CT) is now a well-established experimental effect.
Photochemical kinetic studies have been pioneered by Barton and coworkers by intercalating donor and acceptor molecules into the DNA macromolecule,5 a technique that has now enabled investigations down to the femtosecond time scale.
Using an ingenious chemical approach, Giese and coworkers have oxidatively created holes in DNA and have studied their migration by an analysis of the products resulting from the consecutive reactions.
Finally, DNA fixation between two nano-sized contacts permits the study of charge mobility upon the application of an external voltage.
We note that photochemical charge separation, the creation of excess charges (which is equivalent to a doping process in the terminology of solid state physics) and transport measurements in nanodevices all address the same question, whether DNA can support rapid and long-range charge transfer, albeit in different time and energy regimes.
Finally, there is now evidence that charge transfer is operative not only in carefully designed artificial DNA oligomers, but also in structures relevant to living organisms: Núñez et al. have been able to attach a rhodium intercalator to the 5′ end of a nucleosome core particle and have induced DNA damage more than 80 Å away from the site of the initial oxidation process.
Further evidence suggesting the possibility of in vivo charge transfer comes from long-range oxidative damage in whole nuclei.
To describe the experiments of the Giese group, a phenomenological hopping model has been developed by Bixon et al. which rationalizes DNA hole transport in terms of interbase hopping and trapping.
From this model, the following picture emerges: short-range transport occurs between the guanine bases, which act as traps due to their low oxidation potential; and intervening AT base pairs give rise to tunneling via a superexchange mechanism.
In addition, adenine states may participate in long-range hopping processes.
This phenomenological model has been substantiated by two recent numerical studies.
Siriwong et al. have combined quantum chemical calculations and molecular dynamics simulations of a DNA oligomer.
This approach gives access to the fluctuations of the reaction enthalpy ΔG and its origin due to potential energy fluctuations of the individual bases, which have been analysed qualitatively by these authors: potential energy fluctuations have a correlation time of 0.3 to 0.4 ns, and the local oxidation potentials of individual adenine and guanine may reverse at certain times and thus enable charge hopping.
A similar gating process induced by solvent ion center-of-mass fluctuations has also been suggested by Schuster and Landman.
The remaining part of our work is organized as follows.
Conclusions are derived in the final section.
Unsaturated carbonyls are produced through the atmospheric oxidation of conjugated dienes emitted into the lower troposphere from vegetations and human activities such as road vehicles.
The unsaturated carbonyls are then oxidized with OH radicals and/or O3.
To predict unknown but necessary kinetic data, structure–activity relationships have often been applied to the electrophillic reactions.
In this method, the logarithms of the rate coefficients are plotted as a function of the ionization potentials (IP) or the highest-occupied molecular orbital (HOMO) energies.
This plot shows an almost linear correlation for the reactions of OH radical with unsaturated hydrocarbons.
As an example of the poor correlation, Grosjean and Grosjean pointed out that the rate coefficient for 1,2-distributed alkene, e.g., trans-2-butene, is ca. 20 times larger than that for 1,1-distributed alkene, e.g., isobutene, despite these ionization potentials being close to each other.
The poor correlation is tentatively attributed to the difference in the steric factor between 1,1- and 1,2-distributed alkenes.
If this is the case, the method such as conventional transition-state theory (CTST), in which the pre-exponential factor is taken into account, must be applicable to predictions of unknown rate constants for the reactions with O3.
The correlation energy is defined as the difference between the Hartree–Fock energy and the exact (non-relativistic) energy of the molecule.
It is often separated into two parts, a short range effect due to the reduction in probability as two electrons come together, and a long range effect which is often responsible for electrons proceeding correctly to their atoms as the molecule dissociates.
The first part is called ‘dynamic correlation’, and is often associated with the necessity of including the interelectronic distance rij in accurate wavefunctions.
The importance of the electron–electron cusp is a dynamic correlation effect.
Quantum chemical calculations often introduce dynamic correlation through the introduction of ‘double replacement configurations’ into a configuration interaction (CI) expansion, although excluding double replacements into anti-bonding or non-bonding orbitals.
Dynamic correlation is often thought to be associated with a reduction in size because it allows electrons to arrange themselves in the most efficient manner possible.
The second part is called ‘left–right correlation’ for obvious reasons, but it is equally well called ‘static correlation’ or ‘near-degeneracy correlation’ or ‘non-dynamic correlation’.
Quantum chemists introduce this correlation through the introduction of double replacement configurations which involve anti-bonding or non-bonding or other valence orbitals.
Such correlations are responsible for an increase in molecular size: indeed for diatomic molecules, Hartree–Fock (HF) often predicts too short bonds, with CI calculations correctly lengthening them.
We deduce that this correlation has a greater effect on molecular shape than dynamic correlation.
For H2, the dominant double replacement CI configuration is σ2g → σ2u, which is clearly a left–right effect, but as the bond length decreases it becomes 1s2 → 2p2 in united atom notation, which is a dynamic effect.
It is often proclaimed that the correlation in atoms is all dynamic, because there are no long-range correlations.
The assignment is not clear for Be for which the near-degeneracy configuration 1s22p2 is very important, and this is commonly called ‘static correlation’.
Alternatively it may be argued that this configuration introduces r2ij and it is therefore a dynamic effect.
We recognise that angular correlation can be interpreted as an effect of r2ij.
Similar arguments can be presented for other atoms, where (ns)2→(np)2 are possible, for example the carbon atom ((2s)2 (2p)2,3P→(2p)4,3P), and the transition metals with a filled ns shell in the ground state.
Intuitively one might think these Hartree–Fock atoms are too large, because angular correlation should make them smaller (less screening).
On the other hand radial correlation could make them bigger, since one of the electrons moves to the next shell.
Results from these investigations are given in section 3.
The tail behaviour of the wavefunction gives information on size.
There are more accurate values of 〈r2〉 for selected small atoms, but they will not give a systematic comparison.
Density functional theory (DFT) introduces correlation effects rather differently.
The correlation functionals for the uniform electron gas, ascribed to Volko, Wilk and Nusair (VWN)4 or Perdew and Wang (PW91)5 are called dynamic correlation functionals, because there are no near-degeneracy configurations in that model system.
Perdew has extended his functional to include density gradients (P91).
The functional LYP is also called a dynamic functional, because it was derived from the He correlated wavefunction of Colle and Salvetti (CS), basing one’s argument on the fact that all correlation in that atom must be dynamic.
It is also of the generalised gradient approximation (GGA) form.
It is well-known from many molecular calculations that these functionals do not introduce all molecular correlation; for example for N2, it is found9 that LYP (or P91) only introduces ∼50% of the necessary correlation for molecular binding.
Furthermore self-consistent Kohn–Sham (KS) calculations with HF+LYP (HFLYP) predict bondlengths which are even shorter than HF bondlengths.
The remarkable success of DFT hinges upon the fact that local exchange functionals introduce a localised exchange hole, which is close to the reference electron, in contradiction to the HF model which favours delocalised exchange holes.
The most popular local exchange functionals are the original uniform electron gas functional due to Dirac (LDAX) and the GGA exchange functional of Becke (B88X).
The functional B88X introduces the other ∼50% of the correlation for the binding of N2; for these reasons it is said to introduce left–right correlation.
Such an analysis has been shown to work in practice for many hundreds of molecules.
Calculations with BLYP often successfully lengthen the too-short HF bondlengths.
The geometrical effects of the exchange functional are more significant than those of the dynamic functional.
B88X contains one parameter β, which was determined so that the exchange energies of the atoms He, Ne, Ar, Kr, Xe at the HF level were optimally reproduced.
For these noble gas atoms therefore, Becke believed that all the correlation should be dynamic.
The prerequisites for the design of an in situ cell including the catalyst shape strongly depend on the time resolution required.
Important issues embrace the type of reaction to be investigated (slow vs. fast), the reaction medium, and the porosity of the catalyst material.
Criteria for assessing the role of pore and film diffusion in in situ studies are of paramount importance for a proper experimental design.
Time-resolved spectroscopic studies and the combined investigation of the structure and activity are important in the field of heterogeneous catalysis.
While time-resolved studies can elucidate information on intermediates on the catalyst surface, the combination of structure and activity aims at possible relationships between the active centres and the reactivity of the catalyst, being a first step to rational catalyst design.
Ex situ studies have been performed to a great extent but it is generally accepted nowadays that such studies provide structure–activity relationships only in selected cases, i.e. if it has been ruled out in advance that the structure does not change if the catalyst is exposed to ambient atmosphere or reaction conditions.
Even cooling from the reaction temperature to room temperature may change the catalyst structure (cf. example in ref. 12).
This can be traced back to the fact that a number of cell window materials exist (Kapton, Al foil, thin diamond, Be and quartz windows), which have sufficient low absorbance of hard X-rays: thus the absorption of the probing beam by reaction gasses or window materials can be held marginal.
For the characterization of heterogeneous catalysts, the EXAFS technique is advantageous,4,20,21 since it can detect element-specifically both amorphous and crystalline structures.
In order to interrelate the structure and activity of the catalysts, the flow properties in the EXAFS cell have to be similar to those usually met in the reactor and for time resolved studies, diffusion (film and pore diffusion) should be faster than the corresponding chemical reaction.
Different designs have been reported, such as a disk of pelletized catalyst powder (also denoted as pressed wafer) placed in an environmental cell (cf. refs. 22 and 23).
Another approach is the use of a powdered catalyst in an in situ cell as, e.g., proposed by Bazin et al. and Clausen and Topsøe.
Moreover, Clausen et al. and Sankar et al. used a capillary cell for combined XRD–EXAFS studies.
This cell design has recently also been used to obtain both structure and activity data on heterogeneous catalysts.
Their characteristics are illustrated using exemplary case studies.
Porous materials have been applied in many fields, such as gas separation, purification, and reaction processes, etc.
In the meantime, when a fluid is confined to a region of a molecular scale, its phase behavior can be strongly affected, and a rich variety of new types of phase transitions can occur.
In 1992, a new family of mesoporous molecular sieves designated as M41S was discovered by Mobil scientists.
As is pointed out by Ravikovitch et al. the main advantages of MCM-41, a representative of M41S, are (1) of an array of uniform hexagonal channels with very narrow pore size distributions, (2) the pore length is significantly larger than the pore diameter, (3) pore networking effects are negligible.
Many experimental investigations have been performed on the adsorption properties of MCM-41 which provides deep insights into the adsorption behavior of simple fluids in MCM-41, and also serves as an experimental basis for the test and development of theoretical models.
On the other hand, both the molecular simulation and density functional theory (DFT) methods have been used to study the adsorption behavior of simple fluids in MCM-41 and its pore size distribution (PSD).
For example, Ravikovitch et al. carried out many investigations to study the adsorption isotherms of nitrogen in MCM-41 and PSD of MCM-41 by the DFT method, Maddox et al. used the grand canonical Monte Carlo (GCMC) model to study the adsorption behavior of a pure fluid and binary mixtures in MCM-41.
In both the DFT and MC methods, a potential model for the wall–fluid interactions is required, which plays a key role in the accuracy of the calculated properties.
As a result, many potential models have been proposed for Lennard-Jones (LJ) cylindrical pores, such as the cylindrical surface potential model of Tjatjopoulos et al. the potential model as the analog of 10–4–3 for planar graphite surface, the pseudoatomic model of Nicholson and Gubbins,the model of Peterson et al. and a simplified model proposed by Zhang and Wang.
Recently, a complete analytical potential model for a cylindrical pore of finite thickness was further proposed by our group.
It gives identical results to the model of Peterson et al. while inconvenient numerical integration in the latter is avoided.
In addition, it reduces to the cylindrical surface model of Tjatjopoulos et al. when the wall thickness approaches zero.
Previous works show that the experimental isotherms can not be reproduced very well by using the existing potential models in the whole pressure range if the surface heterogeneity of MCM-41 is not taken into account.
Therefore, Maddox et al. divided the surface of MCM-41 into eight sectors and adopted different parameters for each sectors to consider the heterogeneity of its surface.
Their work gives a good representation of the adsorption isotherms of nitrogen in MCM-41 by the GCMC method.
However, considerably greater parameter and computation effort is needed.
In addition, some discussion is also addressed.
Stable organic free radicals under appropriate conditions can dimerize spontaneously to form chemical bonds.
The tetracyanoethylene anion radical (TCNE−˙) is known experimentally to form three types of dimeric products (TCNE22−) in the solid state (Chart 1).
In a σ-bonded dimer, the intradimer C–C distance is 1.61 Å (1), and in the two π-bonded dimers, they are 2.90 (2) and 3.47 Å (3), respectively.
The C–C distance in structure 1 is a long C–C single bond, while the C–C distance in structure 3 is close to van der Waals range (though slightly shorter).
In simplest terms, the π-bond in 2 should derive from in-phase bonding interactions between the two half-occupied antibonding π* orbitals from each monomer unit.
Two electrons, one from each of the two open shell anionic monomers, then occupy this overall bonding orbital, which will be the highest occupied molecular orbital (HOMO) of the dimer.
Since these two electrons are distributed over four carbon atoms, it has been suggested to be essentially a four-center two-electron bond.
Due to the very long bond distance, however, the energy gap between the HOMO and the lowest unoccupied MO (the LUMO, which will be antibonding between the monomers) will surely be small.
The appearance of an allowed absorption in the near-IR region (549–667 nm for different cations) upon dimerization was then assigned to this HOMO to LUMO electronic transition.
In more detail, the long bond in 2 (TCNE22−) is the net result of a complex interplay between many factors.
In addition to the π-bonding interaction described above, Coulomb and exchange repulsion between filled orbitals on the monomers is also surely important.
Based on electronic structure calculations, it has been suggested that π-TCNE22− dimers are bound only when the electrostatic repulsions due to the overall negative charge are compensated by counter-cations.
In other words, without this cation-mediated attraction, the isolated TCNE22− dimers in the gas phase are unstable with respect to dissociation.
Dispersion interactions, however, were not identified to play a (major) role in forming these exceptionally long bonds, although they were considered by some authors later.
Recently, Lü and co-workers experimentally demonstrated that the inter-monomer separation is remarkably invariant (2.90 ± 0.05 Å) to the use of different counter-cations whose electrostatic forces on TCNE−˙ can differ by nearly an order of magnitude.
This is an indirect indication that the long bonding interaction in π-TCNE22− is an intrinsic property of the dimer dianion as long as the excess Coulomb repulsion is eliminated by some counter-cations.
They also have determined the enthalpy (ΔH) and entropy (ΔS) changes associated with reversible dimer formation in solution to be −8.8 kcal mol−1 (−36.8 kJ mol−1) and −41 cal mol−1 K−1 (−171.5 J mol−1 K−1) respectively, from UV/vis measurements.
In free energy terms, therefore, the stability of a π-dimer arises from a sufficiently exothermic enthalpy of formation to overcome the reduction in entropy.
There are two possibilities to locate these counter-cations in theoretical models.
First, one can put two K+ ions midway between the two parallel TCNE−˙ planes (Fig. 1a).
In this configuration, the monomer (in particular the nitrile groups) will bend substantially toward the center of the dimer at longer intradimer distances, due to electrostatic attractions to the cations.
In an X-ray structure, however, nitriles bend away from the center of the dimer by about 5°.
A dimer beyond a certain value of R will become increasingly diradicaloid in nature, and eventually becomes a pure “diradical” (i.e., two radical monoanions, 2TCNE−˙) at large enough separations.
Dispersion attractions are long-range (and non-local) correlation effects that are associated with instantaneous correlated fluctuations of two electrons, one on each monomer.
In these kinds of π-dimers where bondlengths are unusually long and thus the bond-strength is weak (at least compared to conventional chemical bonds), the binding energy is generally overestimated due to basis set superposition errors (BSSE) associated with finite basis sets.
BSSE is the “borrowing” of basis functions from the second monomer to improve the orbitals of the first monomer relative to that monomer in isolation, an effect which in incomplete basis sets can occur with any chemical interaction between the fragments.
In fact, it is very rare to find a stable molecule with 24% diradical character, because it would usually like to rearrange to increase its bond character.
Recent experiments on various organic π-radicals showed that, regardless of whether they are negatively charged as in TCNE−˙, positively charged (OMB+˙), or neutral (PHEN˙), these radicals all spontaneously self-associate to form π-dimers with Req ≈ 3 Å.
They have similar exothermic enthalpies of formation ranging between −6 and −10 kcal mol−1, strong allowed optical transitions in the near-IR region due to HOMO to relatively low-lying LUMO excitations, and persist in solution as well as in the solid state.
We are currently performing detailed investigations on how general the combined effects of partial π-bonding and dispersion attractions are in supramolecular π-dimerizations of organic π radicals.
In particular, they are strong photoacids, that is the acidity of the OH group increases drastically upon electronic excitation and ionization, which eventually may promote proton transfer to a suitable solvent.
The properties of such proton transfer processes, which are among the most fundamental reactions occurring in chemical and biological systems, depend sensitively on the environment.
Significantly, aromatic molecules (A) with acidic functional YHk groups (e.g., Y = N, O) offer two major recognition sites for inert ligands L. L can bind to the aromatic π-electron system (π-bond) or to one of the k acidic protons of YHk (H-bond).
Alternative binding sites, such as H-bonds to aliphatic or aromatic CH protons, are usually less stable.
The preferred binding site in A–L dimers depends on several factors, including the degree of electronic excitation and charge state of A, the acidity of the YHk group, and the ligand type (polar or nonpolar).
For example, complexes of neutral A with rare gas atoms have π-bound equilibrium structures in the singlet electronic ground state (S0).
Examples include Ar complexes of benzene (Bz–Ar), phenol (Ph–Ar, YHk = OH) aniline (An–Ar, YHk = NH2) and indole (In–Ar, YHk = NH).
The major contributions to the A–Ar attraction are dispersion forces between Ar and the π-electron system of A, which favor π-bonding.
In fact, H-bound isomers have not been detected for any aromatic A–Ar complex in S0.
The situation changes for A–N2 dimers, because the quadrupole moment of N2 leads to additional electrostatic interactions with the polar YHk group of A, so that the H-bond may energetically compete with the π-bond.
For example, N2 favors H-bonding to Ph but π-bonding to less acidic An as well as Bz.
In general, the topology of the interaction potential of A+–L radical cation dimers differs qualitatively from that of neutral A–L, because of the significant additional electrostatic and inductive attraction arising from the positive charge.
As a consequence, neutral and ionic A(+)–L dimers often possess rather different equilibrium structures and interaction energies.
For example, Ph+–Ar, An+–Ar, and In+–Ar have H-bound global minima in the ground electronic state of the cation (D0), whereas the π-bound isomers are only local minima.
Similarly, Ph+–N2 An+–N2 and In+–N2 prefer H-bonds over π-bonds in D0.
Because of the additional charge–quadrupole interaction, the H/π-bonds in A+–N2 are stronger than in A+–Ar.
Similar to A+–Ar/N2, the Ar and N2 dimers of protonated aromatic molecules (AH+) with acidic YHk groups (e.g., PhH+–Ar/N2) also favor H-bonds over π-bonds.
In contrast, the most stable A(H)+–Ar/N2 dimers of A(H)+ ions without YHk groups, such as Bz(H)+–Ar/N2 feature π-bonds, because CH protons are only weakly acidic even in the cation ground state.
Often, A+–L is generated by resonance enhanced multiphoton ionization (REMPI) of A–L formed in a supersonic expansion.
Spectroscopic information of A+–L may then be extracted, for example, from photoionization efficiency spectra (PIE) mass analyzed threshold ionization (MATI) zero kinetic energy photoelectron (ZEKE) spectra or IR photodissociation.
However, all these ionization techniques suffer from the Franck–Condon principle, which prevents significant population of the most stable A+–L isomer for dimers with significantly different neutral and ionic global minimum structures.
This situation is, however, quite common for A(+)–L dimers with both polar and nonpolar L.
This is in contrast to the REMPI ion source, which often generates only local minima of A+–Ln.
For example, EI-IR spectra of Ph+–Arn An+–Arn and In+–Arn were interpreted with global minimum structures, which completely escaped detection in the corresponding REMPI-IR and other photoionization spectra (PIE, ZEKE, MATI).
1-Np is one out of the two possible bicyclic monohydroxyarenes (1/2-Np).
It has two planar isomers, which differ by the orientation of the OH group with respect to the aromatic ring (Figs. 1 and 2), namely the trans (anti) and cis (syn) rotamers denoted t-1-Np and c-1-Np, respectively.
Spectroscopic information about the structures and relative energies of both rotamers is available from a variety of techniques, including (dispersed) laser-induced fluorescence REMPI and IR spectra.
Information on the corresponding t/c-1-Np+ cation rotamers is provided by ZEKE MATI and REMPI-IR spectra.
The results for t/c-1-Np(+) relevant for the present work can be summarized as follows.
In S0, t-1-Np is slightly more stable than c-1-Np (ΔE = 220 ± 50 cm−1) and its OH group is somewhat more acidic as demonstrated by the smaller O–H stretch frequency (ν1/cm−1 = 3655 vs. 3663).
Interestingly, the energy order of both rotamers is reversed in S1 (ΔE = −59 cm−1).
In D0, t-1-Np+ is again more stable than c-1-Np+ (ΔE = 495 cm−1), indicating that the potential for OH rotation is quite sensitive to both electronic excitation and ionization.
The acidity of t-1-Np(+) is substantially increased upon ionization, as revealed by the large decrease in ν1 from 3655 to 3579 cm−1.
No spectroscopic information is available for the acidity of c-1-Np+.
REMPI hole-burning and IR spectra of t-1-Np–Ar are consistent with a π-bound structure in S0, in agreement with quantum chemical calculations.
Similarly, the REMPI-IR spectrum of t-1-Np+–Ar in the O–H stretch range was interpreted with a π-bound isomer in D0.
No evidence for an H-bound 1-Np(+)–Ar isomer has been reported for both S0 and D0.
Calculations predict π-bound t-1-Np–N2 to be more stable than the H-bound isomer in S0, and preliminary REMPI and hole-burning spectra appear to be consistent with this view.
To the best of our knowledge, no spectroscopic information is available for any c-1-Np(+)–Ln complex in both S0 and D0.
Such information is difficult to obtain because of the usually low population of the less stable c-1-Np rotamer in molecular beams and steric hindrance involved in the formation of H-bound c-1-Np(+)–L complexes.
The usual approach is through the immobilisation of catalytic materials to reduce the typically large over-potentials which are required for the direct reduction of oxygen at most electrode substrates.
Many different materials have been proposed as electrocatalysts.
These include carbon nanotubes Co(ii)-macrocycle complexes poly(naphthoquinone) films,manganese dioxide, copper-nickel alloys, platinum modified gold electrodes, cobaloxime complexes,transition metal phthalocyanines, anthraquinone polymers and gold nanoparticles and anthraquinones.
In the last example, immobilization of anthraquinone species onto the surface of electrodes leads to hydrogen peroxide production via the following reaction:Q(ads) + 2e− + 2H+(aq) → H2Q(ads)where Q(ads) is the adsorbed anthraquinone moiety.
Noyori has pioneered ‘green’ oxidation chemistry with aqueous hydrogen peroxide as oxidant showing that cyclohexene can be oxidized to adipic acid, benzylic alcohols to benzaldehydes and benzoic acids.
Also possible is the epoxidation of terminal olefins and the oxidation of alcohols.
Recently trans-1,2-diols have been synthesized using olefins and hydrogen peroxide with high yield and selectivity.
Hydrogen peroxide is made commercially via anthraquinone reduction known as the ‘AO-process’.
This involves the hydrogenation, for example, of 2-alkyl-9,10-anthraquinone (with a catalyst such as nickel or palladium) forming the corresponding hydroquinone and oxidation with oxygen (usually air) to yield hydrogen peroxide and reforming the starting anthraquinone.
Commonly the anthraquinone is dissolved in a solvent or solvent mixture for hydrogenation, oxidation and extraction.
Due to the differing solubility of the quinone and hydroquinone species, solvent mixtures are commonly employed.
The benefits of ultrasound in electrochemistry have recently been highlighted.
In this context sustained high rates of mass transport are achieved from a combination of acoustic streaming and interfacial cavitational activity.
This is extremely useful in sono-electrosynthesis where the sustained transport can very significantly reduce electrolysis times whilst cavitational activity can keep the electrode ‘active’ under circumstances where passivation otherwise takes place.
Last it is worth noting that when ultrasound is applied to an aqueous media, cavitational collapse can produce low levels of in-situ formed hydrogen peroxide.
Recently we have investigated the electro-catalytic reduction of oxygen at an Alizarin physically modified glassy carbon under ultrasound where catalytic currents were significantly enhanced under the high mass-transport conditions of ultrasound and quantitatively consistent with a modified Koutecky–Levich equation.
Furthermore we have explored 9,10-phenanthraquinone and 1,2-naphthoquinone physically absorbed onto glassy carbon working electrodes and found them to be suitable as sonoelectrocatalysts for oxygen reduction and hydrogen peroxide formation.
However, while analyses of small volumes on a microchip are readily performed, the concentration or number of copies per mL of a target analyte in blood can be so low that relatively high volumes (10–1000 µL) must be processed.
This leads to a need for two separate stages in a micro total analysis system (μ-TAS), one that can process and concentrate samples from a relatively high volume, and another, smaller volume stage, that performs biochemical assays such as immunoassays or the polymerase chain reaction (PCR).
A large number of chip-based methods for genetic analysis have been reported, predominantly involving integration of PCR and separation of the PCR product.
Magnetic bead beds have attracted interest and were used successfully for dynamic DNA hybridization and mRNA isolation within a microfluidic device.
A self-assembled magnetic bead-bed was proposed for cell sorting in order to obtain a more controllable, compact magnetic bed.
The integration of magnetic trap actuator coils within a microfluidic device was also demonstrated by Ahn et al.
Recently, we reported on the use of a magnetic bead capture chip, in which antibody coated paramagnetic beads where first mixed off-chip with blood samples, then introduced into the chip, where the target cells were captured, washed and isolated from blood.
Liu et al. have reported a similar approach, in which the PCR step was also integrated on-chip.
Xylanases (β-1,4-d-xylan xylanohydrolases, EC 3.2.1.8) are β-glycosidases, which degrade Nature’s most abundant hemicellulose, xylan.
On the basis of amino acid sequence similarities, the majority of xylanases are members of families 10 and 11 of the glycosyl hydrolases.
Xylanases of both enzyme families catalyse the hydrolysis of β-1,4-linked xylose polymer by a double-displacement mechanism and net retention of the anomeric center of the reaction.
In the active site there are two key catalytic glutamic acid residues, one acting as an acid/base catalyst and another as a nucleophile, which forms a covalent reaction intermediate with the substrate.
The transition states to and from the covalent intermediate have considerable oxocarbenium ion character (Fig. 1a).
CEX is a member of family 10 and BCX of family 11 glycosyl hydrolase.
These two xylanases are good representatives of families 10 and 11 as several X-ray structures and a lot of other biochemical data are available about their functional properties.
Although CEX and BCX catalyse the hydrolysis of xylan with a similar type of mechanism, there are differences in the details of the reaction.
Mechanism-based inhibitors, like 2′,4′-dinitrophenyl 2-deoxy-2-fluoro-β-xylobioside, form stable covalent glycosyl–enzyme intermediates with xylanases.
In the intermediate the catalytic nucleophile forms a covalent bond with the C1 of the xylose moiety bound in the −1 subsite of the enzyme.
In the case of CEX, the 2-deoxy-2-fluoroxylose residue bound in the −1 subsite adopts a 1C4 (chair) conformation,6 whereas in the case of BCX, the corresponding residue is bound in a 2,5B (boat) conformation.
Distortion of the reactive pyranose ring has been observed in the X-ray structures of several β-glycosidases complexed with uncleaved substrates.
Lysozyme is a classical example of an enzyme binding the substrate’s reactive sugar in a distorted sofa conformation.
It has been suggested that distortion of the reactive sugar moiety is important for the rate of the enzyme-catalysed reaction.
In contrast to this, it has been suggested that distortion plays a minor role in the catalysis.
The MM-PBSA method has recently been used with good success in predicting and explaining the binding of various ligands to proteins.
The aggregation of proteins and peptides into amyloid fibrils is most commonly associated with a variety of fatal disease such as Alzheimer's disease and the transmissible spongiform encephalopathies (prion diseases).
Amyloid fibril is an undesirable state for proteins as biomolecules, however, it is a fascinating nanoconstruct because of its highly ordered quaternary structure in which numerous β-stranded polypeptide chains align regularly.
We have previously demonstrated that de novo designed peptides undergo self-initiated structural transition and fibril formation, equipped with representative properties of amyloid. Cofibril formation from two, three or four peptide species with well-designed amino acid sequences was achieved, so that the charged residues within the β-strands were complementary to each other. This indicates a possibility of functionalising the fibrils by co-assembling of peptides with various elements to develop a fibrillar peptide material as a well-ordered nanoconstruct (Fig. 1).
ThT bound to amyloid fibrils is known to show characteristic fluorescence emission, and is widely used as a probe for amyloid fibrils.
However, the observed fibrils with ∼20 nm width are supposed to consist of several β-sheet filaments bundling regularly because the 5–6 nm-length peptide of β16 (16 amino acid residues) makes a single filament of about 5 nm width, if the peptides align perpendicularly to the fibril axis.
Dobson et al. reported that periodic binding of anti-fluorescein IgG to cofibrils assembled from insulin and a partial short peptide from other protein labelled with fluorescein.
The insulin cofibrils showed a regular helical twist every 60 nm along the fibril axis, and the antibodies bound to fluorescein exposed according to the structural periodicity of fibrils such as helical twist of the fibrils.
However, the binding of the antibody to other cofibrils made from two types of other short peptides with native sequences (with no distinct design in their sequences) did not show high periodicity.
We have previously demonstrated using de novo designed peptides that the intermolecular side-chain interactions such as ionic pairing, hydrogen bonding, and hydrophobic interaction were constitutive for the fibril formation.
It is suggested that the arrangement of streptavidin on the peptide fibrils can be controlled using well-designed peptides.
The dynamic mode is used to detect the resonance frequency shift caused by cantilever mechanical properties, such as mass and stiffness in the binding of the target molecules to the receptors on the cantilever surfaces.
The static mode is a method to measure the differences of surface stress in adsorption between the two opposite cantilever surfaces, in which one side (top) is functionalized with receptor molecules.
As a result, the dynamic detection method is considered more advantageous, as it is insensitive to the drift of deflection signal due to the parasitic deflection.
According to previous studies, the dynamic mode has been studied for the sensing of changes in medium viscoelasticity and for the monitoring of resonance frequency shift caused by mass change.
Most of the relevant experiments have been performed in gaseous environments, where the surface stress produced after the adsorption of the target substance also induced a detectable shift of the resonance frequency with an external actuator.
This PSA, which is detectable in serum, has proved to be an extremely useful marker for the early detection of prostate cancer and for monitoring disease progression and the effects of treatment.
Heterogeneous atmospheric aerosol chemistry is an experimentally challenging area of research.
Measurements often must be made on an ensemble of particles, characterised by distributions of particle size and composition, and complicated by indeterminacy of mixing state, phase and morphology.
With heterogeneous chemistry often governed by the surface-to-volume ratio, interfacial composition and phase, the fundamental factors governing the chemical and physical transformation of aerosols may be obscured or at best averaged.
The interplay of scattering and gradient forces must be considered when a dielectric sphere is illuminated with a Gaussian laser beam.
The scattering force acts in the direction of propagation of the laser and is proportional to the light intensity, ultimately acting to displace the particle from the beam focus.
Conversely, the gradient force acts to draw the dielectric sphere towards the beam focus and is proportional to the gradient of the light intensity.
When the gradient force dominates the scattering force, a restoring force with a magnitude of piconewtons acts to confine the particle to the most intense region in the laser beam and a stable trap is created.
Not only is the complex refractive index of water near a minimum at this wavelength minimising droplet heating, but the size parameter, x, is larger than it would be at the more usual longer wavelengths chosen for tweezing.
This is extremely important for recording a CERS fingerprint from the trapped droplet.
The tweezing instrument has been described in a previous publication and will be outlined only briefly here.
Köhler theory enables the equilibrium droplet size to be estimated at a particular relative humidity and for a given dry particle diameter.
Doping the water droplets with sodium chloride reduces the vapour pressure of the droplet so that an equilibrium size is rapidly attained, and enables the droplets to be trapped for timescales of hours.
In previous publications we have shown that CERS can be used to probe dynamic changes in the size and the composition of aerosol droplets.
A spherical droplet behaves as a high finesse optical cavity at wavelengths commensurate with whispering gallery modes (WGM).
Such modes occur when an integer number of wavelengths, n, form a standing wave around the circumference of the droplet, providing a mechanism for optical feedback.
A CERS fingerprint can result, with amplification of the Raman scattering only occurring at wavelengths commensurate with WGMs.
This leads to stimulated Raman scattering, which is apparent as structure superimposed on the spontaneous Raman bands.
The fingerprint of resonant wavelengths can be used to determine the droplet size with nanometre precision.
However, a final caveat should be added.
Studies of this will be undertaken to examine further any role that laser induced heating may play.
We have performed preliminary measurements of the growth of water droplets through the uptake of ethanol and water and are exploring further the fundamental factors that govern aerosol coagulation.
Carbon nanotubes (CNTs) are widely considered as promising materials both in nanochemistry and nanoelectronics.
New generations of composite materials, semiconductor circuits or TV screens based upon CNT technology are under construction and very near to being realized.
The hybrid framework of these xerogels contains short methyl end capped polyether segments grafted to a siliceous network through urethane cross-links.
In Part 1, Fourier transform mid-IR (FT-IR) and Raman (FT-Raman) spectroscopies, photoluminescence spectroscopy and differential scanning calorimetry enabled us to conclude that, in terms of cation/polymer and cation/cross-link interactions, the m-Ut(750)-based xerogels may be viewed as an adequate replica of the long-chain U(2000)nEu(CF3SO3)3 diureasil parent analogs (where U indicates the urea group, 2000 denotes the average molecular weight of the organic precursor used and n is the ratio of (OCH2CH2) units per Eu3+ ion).
The peroxy radical participates in numerous oxidation reactions.
Its interactions with stable molecules influences the stabilization of newly formed hot radicals and it may influence its reactivity.
In these experiments, we have observed weak bands, which we suspected to be due to a hydrogen peroxide peroxy radical complex, since hydrogen peroxide, which forms from the reaction between two peroxy radicals, is always present in our experiments.
The addition of extra hydrogen peroxide to matrices containing peroxy radicals confirmed our suspicions.
However, a more complete assignment of the spectrum of the complex required studies of the hydrogen peroxide dimer  and of the water hydrogen peroxide complex, since water is another byproduct of the peroxy radical synthesis.
Both hydrogen peroxide and the peroxy radical act as hydrogen bond donors and as hydrogen bond acceptors and both form cyclic complexes whenever possible.
A very recent calculation appears to support this structure.
A single layer of endothelial cells forms a critical barrier between the blood and the interstitial fluid of most organs.
The luminal surface of the endothelium is exposed directly to the blood and is covered by an elaborate carbohydrate-containing, polyanionic surface coat called the glycocalyx.
It includes plasmalemmal components such as the glycosylated ectodomains of integral membrane proteins, proteoglycans and glycolipids, as well as adsorbed plasma proteins such as albumin.
Many important normal and pathological vascular functions, such as capillary permeability, receptor-mediated transcytosis, transendothelial cell migration, thrombosis, inflammation, blood coagulation, oxygen transport and sensing of wall shear stress, are dependent on interactions occurring at the level of the glycocalyx.
Albumin, located within the luminal glycocalyx, has been shown to increase the anionic charge and volume exclusion of the glycocalyx, resulting in increased steric and electrostatic exclusion forces that reduce vascular permeability.
CLSM is a well established physical method for collecting three-dimensional images of cellular structures of living cells without destroying important functional features of studied specimens.
The glycocalyx layer has been visualised by lectin binding to living cells.
Many biophysical and biochemical phenomena, including molecular recognition, protein folding, and biological activity, strongly depend on the environment.
Solvation effects are particularly important for charged species, because of the larger strength and longer range of ion–solvent interactions compared to corresponding forces between neutral molecules.
Biological molecules are often (locally) charged due to either (de-)protonation or charge separation.
Isolated complexes of the type X±q–Ln are simple and attractive model systems to investigate the effects of stepwise solvation of an ion with charge ±q (X±q) by a well-defined number (n) of ligands (L) with both experimental and theoretical techniques.
Indole is the aromatic chromophore of the amino acid trypthophan, which plays an important role in solvation-dependent photophysical processes of proteins.
In general, aromatic molecules (X = A) with acidic functional groups (YHk) offer two principal recognition sites for a solvent molecule.
The ligand L can either interact with the aromatic π-electron system (π-bond) or form a hydrogen bond to one of the protons of the YHk group (H-bond).
Other binding sites are usually less stable.
The preferred recognition site depends strongly on the electronic excitation and charge of A, the acidity of the YHk group, and the type of ligand (e.g., nonpolar or polar).
For example, complexes of neutral aromatic molecules with the spherical rare gas atoms (e.g., A–Ar) generally feature π-bound equilibrium structures in the singlet electronic ground state (S0).
Illustrative examples inlude Ar complexes of phenol (Ph–Ar, YHk = OH) and aniline (An–Ar, YHk = NH2).
The dominant contribution to the attraction in neutral A–Ar complexes is the dispersion interaction between Ar and the aromatic π-electron system of A, which is most favorable for π-bonding.
The situation changes for complexes with molecular nitrogen, A–N2.
The quadrupole moment of N2 leads to additional electrostatic interactions with the polar YHk group of A. Consequently, the H-bound A–N2 isomer often competes energetically with the π-bound one.
For example, the intermolecular potential of Ph–N2 has a H-bound global minimum whereas the less acidic An molecule prefers π-bonding with N2.
The interaction in A+–Ln cation clusters is usually rather different from that in the corresponding neutral A–Ln complexes, because of the substantial additional electrostatic and inductive attraction arising from the positive charge distribution in A+.
Hence, A+–Ln and A–Ln complexes often have rather different equilibrium structures and binding energies.
For example, the Ph+–Ar and An+–Ar cation dimers have H-bound global minima in the ground electronic state (D0), whereas the π-bound structures, which are global minima in S0, are only local minima on the intermolecular potential in D0.
A similar situation is observed for Ph+–N2 and An+–N2 dimers.
In general, the interaction strength in A+–N2 is larger than that in the corresponding A+–Ar dimer, mainly because of the additional charge–quadrupole interaction in the former complexes.
The substantial difference in the topolopgy of the interaction potentials in neutral A–Ln and ionic A+–Ln clusters, with respect to both their equilibrium structure and binding energy, leads to important consequences for spectroscopic studies of the cation clusters prepared by photoionization of the corresponding neutral precursor.
This scenario is quite common for complexes of (substituted) aromatic molecules with polar and nonpolar molecules.
This EI cluster ion source was shown to produce predominantly the most stable isomer of a given A+–Ln cluster ion, because the reaction sequence begins with EI ionization of A (to yield A+), which is followed by three-body cluster aggregation reactions.
For example, EI-IR spectra of Ph+–Arn and An+–Arn were interpreted with global minimum structures of these complexes, which escaped detection in the corresponding REMPI-IR spectra as well as other photoionization spectra (PIE, ZEKE, MATI).
Similar to most aromatic molecules with an acidic YHk group, the planar indole molecule offers at least two principal binding sites for neutral ligands, namely H-bonding to the N–H group or π-bonding to the aromatic π-electron system.
This recognition pattern yields two major isomers for dimers, namely the H-bound and π-bound In(+)–L structures shown in Fig. 1(a) and (b), respectively.
(Although there are possibly more than one stable π-bound isomer on the potential of In(+)–L, they are not distinguished in the present work.) Accordingly, three combinations are possible for the In(+)–L2 trimer, one with two H-bonds (Fig. 1(e), 2H isomer), one with two π-bonds (Fig. 1(d), 2π), and one with one H-bond and one π-bond (Fig. 1(c), H/π).
Spectroscopic information about the structure of neutral In–Arn clusters (with n ≤ 2) in the two lowest singlet electronic states, S0 and S1, is available from laser-induced fluorescence excitation (LIF) dispersed LIF and REMPI spectroscopy.
All available spectral information is consistent with the observation of a π-bound In–Ar dimer (Fig. 1(b)) and a 2π isomer of In–Ar2 (Fig. 1(d)) in both electronic states.
Such structures were also predicted by simple Lennard-Jones pairwise additive atom–atom potentials.
The analysis of the rotationally resolved spectrum of the S1 ← S0 transition of π-bound In–Ar yields a structure, in which the Ar ligand is approximately located R ≈ 3.4 Å above or below the indole plane.
The attraction between Ar and the lone pair of the N atom results in some preference for Ar toward the five-membered ring of In.
The interaction in the S1 state (R = 3.40 Å) is slightly stronger than in S0 (R = 3.43 Å) with experimental dissociation energies of D0 = 477 ± 10 and 451 ± 10 cm−1, respectively.
The larger interaction in the excited state arises from an increase in the polarisability of the aromatic π-electron system upon electronic excitation, which enhances the dispersion attraction.
The S1 ← S0 transitions of In–Arn with n = 0–2 display nearly additive red shifts upon Ar complexation, ΔS1 = −26 cm−1 (n = 1) and −53 cm−1 (n = 2) indicating that both Ar ligands in the 2π isomer of In–Ar2 form almost equivalent π-bonds on opposite sides of the molecular plane, with little interaction between both Ar ligands.
Similar to the corresponding neutral complexes, all spectral features in the cation spectra could be rationalized by a π-bound In+–Ar isomer and a 2π isomer of In+–Ar2.
In general, the interaction in the cation ground state of π-bound In+–Ar (D0 = 537 ± 10 cm−1) is significantly stronger than in the neutral electronic states because of the additional charge–induced dipole attraction.
In addition, the additive red shifts in the ionization potentials of In–Arn with n = 0–2 indicate that both π-bonds in the 2π isomer of In+–Ar2 are nearly equivalent.
Little activity in the intermolecular bending (νb) and stretching vibrations (νs) observed in the dispersed LIF, LIF excitation, ZEKE, and MATI spectra of π-bound In–Arn (n = 1, 2) suggests only small changes in the geometry of the intermolecular π-bond(s) along both the bending and stretching coordinates upon electronic excitation and subsequent ionization.
Long-chain polyamines extracted from the highly siliceous cell walls of diatoms are known to precipitate silica nanospheres from aqueous, silicic-acid containing solutions at near-neutral pH in vitro.
The same is true for synthetic polyamines such as polyallylamine.
Diatom cell walls are outstanding examples for nanoscale structured materials in nature.
They consist of an amorphous composite material containing silica as well as certain biomolecules.
Examples for such biomolecules are the so-called silaffins isolated from the diatom Cylindrotheca fusiformis2 as well as the long-chain polyamines extracted from the cell walls of species such as Nitzschia angularis, Stephanopyxis turris, and others.
Both these classes of molecules were also shown to precipitate silica from aqueous solutions containing silicic acid in vitro.
The precipitates formed by the long-chain polyamines from S. turris consist of nanospheres exhibiting a surprisingly narrow size distribution.
The particle diameter was shown to be strictly controlled by the concentration of phosphate ions added to the solutions.
Initial NMR and dynamic light scattering experiments carried out on long-chain polyamines isolated from S. turris have shown that these molecules self-assemble in aqueous solutions.
Silaffins from C. fusiformis behave very similarly.
It is tempting to speculate that the aggregates (droplets) formed by the biomolecules in solution act as templates during cell wall formation.
A model based on phase separation processes could be developed which explains the pattern formation in diatom cell walls.
Inspired by these observations, a number of synthetic amino acids, peptides, and polyamines were shown to precipitate silica from aqueous solutions as well.
It exhibits a long-chain structure similar to the polyamines found in diatoms.
Polyallylamine was also shown to catalyze the polycondensation of silicic acid and to precipitate silica.
The reasons for this are the weakness of the Raman effect and the low solubility of most compounds in typical cryosolvents.
A complex which has recently drawn attention is the one formed between fluoroform and dimethyl ether (DME), F3CH·O(CH3)2.
The complexation enthalpy of this complex was determined to be 12.6(3) kJ mol–1 in liquid argon which puts it in the realm of weak complexes.
The complex is held together by a hydrogen bond formed between the fluoroform hydrogen and the DME oxygen atoms.
This interaction has been characterized by both calculation and experiment to belong to the class of blue shifting hydrogen bonds.
The blue shift of the fluoroform C–H stretch, by 17.7 cm–1 for F3CH·O(CH3)2 in liquid argon, is accompanied by a decrease of the IR intensity of the fundamental stretching transition of the hydrogen bonded C–H bond.
Photoinduced electron transfer between the donor and the acceptor is responsible for photocurrent generation.
On the other hand, previous studies have revealed that the majority of regular porphyrins show rather small TPA cross sections, σ2, which, typically, do not exceed 1–10 GM (1 GM = 10–50 cm4 s photon–1) in the biologically important range of near-IR wavelengths.
This fact alone has so far largely precluded tetrapyrrolic compounds from being used in real TPA-based applications.
It is known that in linear oligomers and multi-branched conjugated systems the lowest-energy TPA-allowed transition is well separated from other higher TPA-energy levels, leading to characteristic peaks in near-IR TPA spectra.
We have recently used this circumstance to study cooperative enhancement of σ2 in a series of conjugated multi-branched systems.
In porphyrins, however, the relevant TPA transitions are known to be devoid of distinct spectral features, and rather form a broad continuum due to several overlapping electronic transitions and their vibronic satellites.
Another peculiar feature of porphyrins consists in a possibility of strong resonance enhancement, which occurs if the TPA excitation frequency is close to one-photon-allowed Q-transition(s).
Depending on chemical structure, the lowest Q-band is located at 620–740 nm, i.e. close to the important near-IR region of wavelengths.
In our recent paper we showed that this residual OPA in porphyrins originates from thermal population of higher-lying vibrational levels of the ground electronic state, and that one can reduce this side effect by lowering the temperature of the sample.
Upon lowering temperature, the population of these states depletes, thus decreasing the efficiency of OPA.
In fact, the only known reported system, with larger TPA cross section is a second-generation dendrimer based on diphenylaminostilbene.
Optical collisions are scattering processes where the projectile is optically excited during its interaction with the target.
This paper is concerned with the optical collision experiments of Na atoms with a series of molecules which have been carried out in the past few years by Grosser and coworkers following similar experiments with atomic targets.
The experiments can briefly be explained as follows.
Therefore optical transitions occur only at those geometries, the so-called Condon configurations, where the energy difference in the collision complex corresponds just to the detuned laser frequency.
This bacterium is responsible for a great number of nosocomial infections including urinary tract and abdominal infections, wound infections, bacteremia and endocarditis.
The initial adhesion of cells to biomaterials is followed by the formation of a biofilm which, because of its structure, is very difficult to eradicate.
In these cases, the treatment with antimicrobial agents results in a non-effective therapy.
Therefore, the prevention of the formation of biofilm at its initial stages, seems to be the most promising procedure.
For this reason many papers have studied the initial interaction between microorganisms and different substrata.
It is widely accepted that the initial adhesion of bacteria to biomaterials is mediated by physico-chemical forces similar to those acting in the adhesion of colloidal particles.
In relation to bacterial adhesion, there are different methods to quantify the adhesion of microorganisms to biomaterials.
The study of PAH anions is widespread, particularly in organic chemistry as they are models for charged graphite, fullerenes and other carbon-based compounds.
Additionally, interest in PAHs and their anions ranges from synthetic, medicinal and biological chemistry, to environmental and interstellar chemistry.
The heart of straightforward calculations is the proper choice of basis sets.
Improvement of a calculation, in order to obtain more reliable and accurate results, closer to experimental values, is possible via a change in the calculation protocol.
Just as the insertion of extra electrons into orbitals brings about their natural growth in order to reduce the Coulomb repulsion, so must a theoretical calculation allow for expression of such a change.
The use of diffuse functions originated from the calculation of atomic anions, such as for H−, F−, Li− and O−.
The investigation of such anions demonstrated that without diffuse functions, even stable anions, such as O−, Cl− and F− are calculated to be unstable.
Calculating anions without diffuse functions generally overestimates mutual electron repulsion, and even gives false interactions of each electron with itself.
Various small anions have been shown to commonly need diffuse functions for useful calculations.
Moreover, it has been shown that standard basis sets using only one set of diffuse functions for calculating properties of small anions may give inadequate results, indicating the necessity for double-diffuse functions.
It is important to note that in all these cases, assumptions regarding the necessity of diffuse functions were based on calculations of anions with point charges.
In such cases, the charge is almost entirely located on a single atom.
These and other difficulties lead to the supposition that standard calculations are not appropriate for negative atomic and molecular anions, and eventually resulted in the inclusion of diffuse functions as a general prerequisite for reliable anionic calculations.
This pertained to small molecular anions, as well as to atomic anions.
Duke's work on the methyl anion showed that the inclusion of diffuse functions proved to be critical for adequate representation of the anion.
Even relatively small basis sets including diffuse functions, such as 3-21+G, were found to describe the geometries and proton affinities of small molecular anions, such as BeH−, BH2−, NH2− and OH−, fairly accurately.
While calculating equilibrium geometries, the inversion barrier and other properties of CH3− and CH3 using ab initio methods, Driessler showed that SCF values obtained using diffuse functions were substantially more accurate than previous results calculated without them.
Driessler's results reinforced Duke's, also showing that, lacking diffuse functions, one obtains positive orbital energy for the highest occupied orbitals for negative anions.
Davidson and Schaefer both independently confirmed this later on.
The necessity of diffuse functions in calculations and their contribution to various properties have been widely studied. The importance of diffuse functions has been investigated with respect to polarizibility and dipole and quadruple moments, relative, binding and reaction energies, as well as electronic interactions.
The effect of diffuse functions on vibrational frequencies, electron transfer, hyperfine splitting constants and conformational energy has also been studied.
The necessity of diffuse functions for calculating electron affinity has especially been examined. The relation between geometry and diffuse functions has also been analyzed,although mostly for small and specific families of compounds.
Generally speaking, in almost all cases, the introduction of diffuse functions into the calculation improved calculation results substantially.
However, while the use of larger and/or more complex basis sets usually yields more accurate results, this is almost always accompanied by a significant increase in calculation effort and time.
This is particularly evident for large molecules, such as PAHs.
A calculation with diffuse functions for PAHs is difficult and often quite impractical, since these large molecules may contain a sizeable number of atoms.
Such calculations require augmented computational resources, calculation times can be larger by a full order of magnitude, and failures in convergence are common.
The distribution of charge over a large spatial area reduces inter-electron repulsion.
Additionally, charged PAHs may exhibit enhanced delocalization of π-electrons, for through this method, they attain aromatic stability.
In natural photosynthesis two ultra-fast processes are at the basis of the high quantum efficiency: excitation energy transfer among the pigments of the light-harvesting antenna and energy transfer to a reaction center, where a charge separation is initiated.
In the membrane of photosynthetic bacteria a complex system of pigment-proteins is responsible for this process to occur.
Typically, a reaction center is surrounded by a core antenna, LH1, which in turn is associated to a more peripheral antenna, LH.2.
From the high resolution structures of LH2 of Rhodopseudomonas (Rps.) acidophila and Rhodopsirillum (Rs.) molischianum it follows that the bacteriochlorophyll (Bchl) molecules in peripheral light-harvesting complexes of photosynthetic bacteria (LH2 or B800-850 complexes) are arranged in a symmetric ring-like structure consisting of two concentric rings of polypeptides (α,β) and two rings of pigments.
The first ring consists of 18, in the case of Rhodopseudomonas (Rps.) acidophila (16 in the case of Rhodopsirillum (Rs.) molischianum), Bchl arranged as a tightly coupled ring of Bchl dimers and absorbs at about 850 nm (B850), while the second ring of nine, in the case of Rps. acidophila (eight in the case of Rs. molischianum), monomeric Bchl has its major absorption band at 800 nm (B800).
These differences in the position of the absorption bands are (at least partly) attributed to differences in coherent exciton effects arising from the interaction between the molecules in the ring.
A similar but larger ring of 15 or 16 Bchl dimers is expected for core complex (LH1) yielding the absorption band at 870–880 nm.
In LH1 the second ring of monomeric Bchl is absent.
The optical transitions into the exciton states reflect the symmetry of the structural arrangement of the aggregate.
For instance, a ring-like aggregate of identical molecules will obey different selection rules in comparison with those of linear aggregates.
For a ring with the optical transition dipole moments of the molecules in plane of the ring (almost the actual arrangement of the B850 in LH2), the lowest exciton state (enumerated in the k-space as k = 0) is optically forbidden and a pair of degenerate states just above it contains almost all the dipole strength.
A difference in the orientation of the transition dipole moments, a probable difference in the transition frequencies of two molecules in a dimer, as well as slight alternating differences in the intermolecular distances between the adjacent molecules allow to transform the B850 ring of 18 (or 16) monomers into a ring of dimers.
In this case the exciton energy band, due to the presence of two molecules per unit cell, splits into two Davydov subbands separated by the energy gap between them.
The optical transitions into both Davydov subbands obey the same selection rule already mentioned, i.e. with the transition dipole moments in the plane of the ring, the states describing the edges of both Davydov components (corresponding to k = 0) are optically forbidden, while almost all dipole strength is concentrated in the transition to pairs of aggregate exciton states next to them.
The distribution of the dipole strength between Davydov components is determined by the orientations and energies of the two Bchl within the unit cell.
Multiple experiments have been carried out in order to understand the origin of the spectrum of LH2 and to define the exciton localization radius, and various approaches were used for the description of the exciton dynamics.
Since the interpigment interaction in the B800 ring is weak (less than the site inhomogeneity and the exciton–photon coupling), coherence effects play only a minor role in the description of spectroscopic properties and exciton dynamics.
The hopping time between pigment molecules is of the order of 1 ps within the B800 ring.
The excitation energy transfer time from B800 to B850 is also estimated to be of the order of 1 ps and this process can be understood in terms of the incoherent energy transfer based on modified Förster theory, because of the spatial size of the coherently coupled pigments in B.850.
Carotenoid molecules can play an additional role in this type of the energy transfer by modulating the interpigment interaction.
The Bchl molecules in the B850 ring are strongly coupled, therefore, coherent excitons are expected in this structure.
However, due to significant spectral inhomogeneity, which is comparable with the homogeneous absorption bandwidth as well as with the intermolecular resonance interaction, the coherent exciton states must be extensively perturbed.
Most of the experimental results, obtained for a wide range of temperatures, can be well understood in terms of small excitons comprising of two to four Bchl .
This conclusion is also supported by measurements of the superradiance in LH1 and LH2 complexes of Rhodobacter (Rb.) sphaeroides from 4 K to room temperature leading to the same conclusion of a small radius of the exciton coherence.
The exciton dynamics in the strongly coupled B850 ring at room temperature as measured by transient absorption, polarization decay, singlet–singlet annihilation and three-pulse photon echo, can be well understood by a combination of fast exciton relaxation followed by small exciton hopping between pigments with a mean hopping time of the order of a few hundred femtoseconds.
Upon lowering the temperature, a new dynamic feature in the range of 1–100 ps is observed in membrane-bound LH2 complexes.
At low temperatures the stimulated emission/bleaching band broadens and splits into two bands in about 3 ps.
The new red-shifted band continues to move further to the red and broadens in the tens of picoseconds.
The results correlate with the low temperature Stokes shift, which was shown to be unusually large in LH2-only mutants of Rb. sphaeroides.
These data were interpreted in terms of fast exciton relaxation within a single disordered ring of B850, while the slower phases were assigned to the transfer among the inhomogeneously distributed rings.
Alternatively, a complex relaxation scheme has been proposed, where the initial ultrafast (of the order of 100 fs) exciton relaxation in a separate B850 ring is followed by mixing of the exciton states with charge-transfer (CT) states on a subpicosecond time scale and a subsequent evolution of the population in the charge-transfer state on the picosecond time scale corresponding to self-trapping (analogous to the polaron formation).
This possible mixing of the exciton states with the CT states is based on the observation of large Stark effects characterized by a large change in polarizability of LH2 and even larger for LH.1.
However, comparison of the exciton evolution in Rb. sphaeroides membranes and in isolated LH2 complexes demonstrates that most of the effects on the time scale of picoseconds, such as unusually large Stokes-shift and the complex evolution of the emission band, are only observed in the membranes, containing the interacting LH2 complexes.
For isolated LH2 changes in absorption spectrum are minor compared to the membrane-bounded form, while the Stokes shift is substantially smaller and the kinetics of the Stokes-shift evolution is much faster, taking place on a subpicosecond time scale.
This Stokes shift of separate LH2 complexes recently was attributed to the self-trapped exciton formation, however, the excitation dynamics within this model was not considered.
Earlier a qualitatively similar but more simple model was used to describe the excitation dynamics in LH1 complexes and showed good correspondence to the experimental observations at room temperature and at 4 K.
However, it is possible that two energetically feasible paths on the potential energy surface (PES) lead to a single product channel.
Measuring the contribution of each allowed reaction path toward a given exit channel tests our understanding of both the PES itself, and the calculations carried out on that surface to predict kinetics and dynamics.
HCCO is formed primarily via the reaction of C2H2 + O C2H2 + O(3P) → HCCO + H ΔH0 = −19.6 kcal mol−1,8,9→CH2 + CO ΔH0 = −47.9 kcal mol−1.
Recent measurements of this reaction agree that HCCO + H is the dominant channel at room temperature.
Experimental values of k1a/k1 range from .085.
(285 K), .083.
(290 K), .080
(900–1200 K) to .064
(1500–2000 K), while a theoretical calculation predicts a k1a/k1 ratio of 0.7, with little temperature or pressure dependence.
Prompt CO2, that is, the formation of CO2 with the same time constant as the partially oxidized species CO, was first observed in Kistiakowsky's group in the 1960s.
Eberius et al. observed further evidence of prompt CO2 from measurements in lean C2H2/O2 flames.
Modeling results from Miller et al. successfully reproduced these experimental measurements under the assumption that CH2 + CO is the dominant product channel of reaction (1).
However, in light of newer experimental evidence that HCCO + H is the major product channel of reaction (1), Klippenstein, Miller, and Harding recently proposed a new model for prompt CO2 formation that centers on oxidation of HCCO HCCO + O2 → H + CO + CO2 ΔH0 = −110.4 kcal mol−1,→OCHCO + O ΔH0 = −1.3 kcal mol−1,→OH + CO + CO ΔH0 = −86.0 kcal mol−1.There are four measurements of the total rate coefficient for this reaction.
Peeters et al. have suggested that the title reaction occurs though channel (2), while Murray et al. presented tentative evidence that channel (4) is the major product channel.
Using variational transition state theory master equation calculations and direct trajectory simulations, Klippenstein et al. predicted that reaction (2) is the dominant product channel of the title reaction for a temperature range of 300–2500 K and pressures up to 100 atm.
Shortly thereafter, Osborn directly observed the HCCO reactant and the CO and CO2 products from the HCCO + O2 reaction using time-resolved Fourier transform emission spectroscopy.
The emission spectra indicated that the nascent CO and CO2 products are highly internally excited.
No emission from the OH radical was observable, implying that reaction (4) is not a major product channel.
By comparison with a reference reaction that produces OH, the author concluded that the OH + CO + CO channel represents at most 10% of the reaction products at 293 K. These results are in agreement with the detailed calculations of Klippenstein et al., which predict that channels (3) and (4) are negligible at room temperature, but may make a small contribution at higher temperatures.
Rydberg Matter is composed of atoms and small molecules like H2 in condensed coherent circular Rydberg states.
Rydberg Matter has recently been proposed to be part of the dark matter in the Universe, to be the source of the so called UIR emission bands from interstellar space and to give rise to the Faraday rotation in intergalactic space.
A recent paper compares the possible explanations studied.
Excellent reviews and extensive sets of measurements exist in this field and a database of the DIBs is maintained on the World Wide Web.
The problem of the DIBs is that approximately 280 bands of strongly different widths (FWHM varying between 0.5 and 143 cm−1) and very different intensities (varying within a factor of 50) have been observed by absorption in diffuse interstellar clouds of the light from reddened stars.
The bands are clearly not from free atoms due to the large bandwidths.
The most common assumption has been that they are of molecular origin, and a recent high resolution study of four bands shows that they have a doublet structure with a splitting of 0.6 cm−1.
This is assumed to support the molecular character of the features, possibly showing two rotational branches.
Radiation resistant molecules (ions) of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) have received most interest in laboratory studies.
The PAH proposal has been under active study by several groups during the last 15 years.
However, it has been difficult to find good agreement between the DIB band positions and the PAH bands, and a match of one single band for each type of PAH molecule can not be considered to be conclusive.
Other recent proposals are carbon chain anions which was subsequently rejected due to bad matching of the bands at higher resolution, and fullerene molecules and ions, where the interpretation of two lines as belonging to C60+ was described.
Some studies have been directed towards Rydberg states of H2 as a possible source of some of the DIBs, but the spectroscopic processes involved would probably not be possible at the low photon densities in interstellar space.
The first experimental observations of Rydberg Matter (RM) mainly gave data on work functions and electrical conductivities.
These results have recently been independently confirmed.
More refined molecular experiments have been done more recently.
Similar studies have also been done with formation of RM clusters from small molecules like N2 and H2.
Several other studies of RM clusters exist, especially studies of small clusters at high temperature carbon or metal oxide surfaces.
The so called unidentified infrared bands (UIR) were recently shown to be formed in de-excitation processes in RM.
This identification has been confirmed by Raman and IR emission studies of RM in the laboratory.
The properties of RM are such that it is an excellent candidate for the missing dark matter in the universe.
For example, a hydrogen atom in RM takes up a volume 5 × 1012 times larger than a ground state hydrogen atom.
RM has an intrinsic magnetic field caused by the stacked magnetic dipoles in RM.
The large density of almost free electrons in RM means that a considerable Faraday rotation can be calculated for RM in intergalactic space, in good agreement with observations.
Diffusion and diffusion-reaction phenomena appear often in these systems.
With simplifying assumptions these models can be solved completely and the impedance responses, depending on system parameters, have been classified.
Frequently, significant deviations from the basic diffusion-reaction model spectra are observed in impedance measurements.
Very recently, Paasch pointed out an effect that has been generally disregarded in the huge literature of diffusion impedances.
This is a current generator that occurs in the transmission line equivalent circuit when steady-state current flows in the transport-reaction zone.
This element was derived by Sah in the transmission lines for solid-state electronics.
It has so far been neglected in solid-state electrochemistry, probably because the electrodes are usually blocking to steady-state current (e.g., in intercalation electrodes and conducting polymer films).
For example, TiO2 nanostructured electrodes in dye-sensitized solar cells provide strong diffusion-reaction (charge-transfer) currents at forward bias, and the same electrodes can be used in photocatalysis with a similar behaviour.
In these conditions, the concentration is strongly non-uniform, which complicates the equivalent circuit model, so that analytical solutions are not generally possible.
It is widely believed that the displacement of electrons is governed mainly by diffusion, due to the effective shielding of large-scale electrical field by the conducting medium that permeates the nano-pores.
In the case of substrate-injected electrons, the concentration will decrease towards the outer edge of the electrode (where the electron flux Jn = 0) due to electron transfer across the oxide/electrolyte interface.
There are two main situations according to the strength of charge transfer with respect to electron transport, as shown in Fig. 1d.
For low recombination, the electron diffusion length is much larger than film thickness and the concentration profile is nearly homogeneous.
In the opposite case, the concentration decays rapidly near the injecting boundary.
The experimental impedance of nanostructured TiO2 electrodes in solution, agrees qualitatively with the features of this model.
Fig. 3a shows an instance of eqn. (2), and Fig. 3b shows the Gerischer impedance that is measured when the rate of charge-transfer becomes large.
The green fluorescent protein (GFP) is a non-invasive genetically encodable fluorescence marker protein.
It has found numerous and wide-ranging applications in molecular and cell biology.
The fluorophore in wild-type (wt) GFP has been identified as 4′-hydroxybenzylidene-imidazolinone, formed through a cyclisation and oxidation reaction of three adjacent amino acid residues, Ser65–Tyr66–Gly67.
The resulting product is highly stable and strongly fluorescent.
The chromophore is protected from the environment by its location at the centre of an end capped β-barrel structure, and it is held in place by both covalent bonds and an extensive H-bonding network, involving the protein backbone and adjacent water molecules.
The stability and the high fluorescence yield of the chromophore are consequences of its interactions with the surrounding protein structure.
When the protein is denatured the fluorescence yield decreases by at least three orders of magnitude.
In addition, synthetic analogs of the GFP chromophore are essentially nonfluorescent in solution at room temperature.
We investigated the radiationless decay of the GFP chromophore by ultrafast polarisation spectroscopy and time resolved fluorescence.
The radiationless decay mechanism is ultrafast internal conversion, due to intramolecular motion about the bridging bond of the chromophore in its excited state.
The isomerization coordinate was shown to be near barrierless and, from the weak dependence of lifetime on medium viscosity, volume conserving.
Recent theoretical calculations are in broad agreement with this mechanism, and provide additional information on the nature of the isomerization coordinate and excited electronic states.
It was proposed that in the excited state two coordinates are involved in coupling the ground and excited states, a two-state two-mode model.
One co-ordinate involves ultrafast motion out of the Franck–Condon region along a high frequency stretching coordinate.
This stretching motion is coupled with motion along a low frequency torsional coordinate, which brings ground and excited states close in energy.
There have been a number of studies of the vibrational spectroscopy of GFP and its isolated chromophore, but these have focussed on modes above 400 cm−1.
For example resonance Raman spectroscopy reveals a strong mode around 1560 cm−1, which may correspond to the initial stretching coordinate taking the chromophore out of the Franck–Condon region.
However, both theory and experiment suggest that low frequency torsional modes are important in understanding the radiationless decay mechanism.
These present a particular challenge to conventional Raman spectroscopy, because of experimental problems associated with scattered light, and fundamental problems involving thermal populations.
There exist two previous reports of coherent vibrational dynamics in GFP.
Boxer and co-workers reported ultrafast fluorescence of wtGFP, with 100 fs time resolution, and noted the appearance of a weak oscillatory signal in the first picoseconds; they did not extract a vibrational frequency.
More recently Cinelli et al. reported ultrafast pump–probe spectroscopy with 10 fs time resolution on the EGFP mutant of GFP.
They found a strong oscillation damped on a 1 ps time scale, at the relatively high frequency of 497 cm−1.
This was assigned to vibrational dynamics in the excited state.
Others have shown that the observation of vibrational coherences is dependent on the degree of chirp in the pulses.
In a CASSCF calculation of the excited state of the GFP chromophore Olivucci and co-workers reported three modes lying between 100 and 160 cm−1.
These were associated with bending, torsion and pyramidalization in the bridging bonds.
This relaxation is responsible for a 2000 cm−1 Stokes loss in <100 fs in the free chromophore in solution, but the Stokes shift is greatly reduced in the intact protein.
With growing computing power modeling of various physical and technical systems becomes approachable or more realistic.
Considerable progress has been made in the development of detailed reaction mechanisms being used in a manifold of scientific and industrial applications.
One aspect is modeling of hydrocarbon fuel oxidation including soot formation.
Warnatz and coworkers have developed a widely-used mechanism for the oxidation of C1-C4-hydrocarbon fuels which is validated for flame speeds, ignition delay times and species concentration profiles.
The GRI-mechanism is an extensively tested mechanism geared to methane and natural gas oxidation including NOx-chemistry and used as reference mechanism in many computational studies.
In 1987 Frenklach and Warnatz presented a kinetic model predicting PAH (poly-aromatic hydrocarbon) concentration profiles in sooting acetylene flames.
Ten years later Wang and Frenklach published a GRI based detailed reaction mechanism describing fuel oxidation, benzene formation and PAH mass growth being the most extensive study on soot formation in C2-flames.
This mechanism was moderately updated in .2000.
Most studies favour the combination of propargyl radicals C3H3 + C3H3 → A1 (reaction (R383), see mechanism in Table 1) to be the main source of benzene (A1, first aromat) while Wang and Frenklach demonstrated that in acetylene flames under certain conditions benzene formation can be described via alternative routes such as C4H5 + C2H2 → A1 + H, reaction (R449).
An experimental investigation of Atakan et al. of a fuel rich propene flame indicates that additional reaction sequences via C6Hx,(x>6) are involved in benzene formation.
In a modeling study of benzene formation for C2 and C3 low pressure hydrocarbon flames (acetylene, ethylene, and propene) Pope and Miller found that besides propagyl combination the reaction C3H3 + C3H5 (allyl) → A1 + H + H reaction (R*) contributes significantly to benzene formation.
The pioneering work of the named authors and many others has provided modeling tools for various aspects of hydrocarbon oxidation yet the application of every kinetic model is limted to its range of test cases.
This approach is confirmed by a study of Qin et al. for C3 fuel-oxidation.
Transition metals and their compounds, with their multitude of oxidation states, are efficient and frequently used catalysts.
Platinum, palladium and rhodium are useful dehydrogenation catalysts, but are also used extensively in removing toxic oxides such as carbon monoxide or nitrogen oxides from automotive exhaust.
Several groups have investigated dehydrogenation of simple hydrocarbons, such as methane, ethane, ethylene or acetylene on platinum cluster ions, and their reactions with various simple molecules, like CO, N2O or CH4.
We have previously studied methane activation by gas phase Ptn± cluster ions in the n = 1–9 size range.
Schwarz and coworkers succeeded, by mass-selecting the most intense peak, and then thermalizing the ions in argon collisions, in studying the reactions of 195Ptn+ with N2O and other small molecules up to n = .5.
Larger clusters up to n = 30 have also been investigated in flow reactors, albeit without resolving the individual isotopomers, which made interpretation of the data somewhat difficult.
Heiz et al. succeeded in depositing size selected platinum clusters with up to 20 atoms on surfaces and investigated their chemical reactivity.
The reason for this is that unlike rhodium or niobium, which are monoisotopic elements, both palladium and platinum have six stable isotopes each.
For larger clusters, this very quickly leads to dilution of the signal among many isotopomers, and overlapping of the products with the reactants.
Both effects together so far have limited the cluster sizes accessible in reactivity studies.
Low-energy electrons appear as secondary products of radiolysis of water, with the primary products being the OH and H radicals.
Until now, the genotoxicity of radiation was primarily studied in the context of these radicals, and the connection between their presence and mutations of DNA is well documented.
The results of recent experiments by Sanche and coworkers suggest that electrons with energies in a range 1–20 eV can induce DNA damage.
The authors suggested that excess electrons trapped in temporary anionic states initiate chemical reactions leading to single- and double-strand breaks.
A few estimations of the activation barrier needed to rupture the sugar-phosphate bond have been made.
However, the mechanism, leading from anionic states localized on nucleic acid bases to strand breaks, has been only briefly studied.
Electron trapping on nucleic acid bases has been an important topic in radiation biology for several decades.
About ten years ago, it was realized that the high polarity of these molecules allows for the existence of dipole-bound anionic states as well.
While our recent CCSD(T) results indicate that the valence anionic state of thymine (T) is vertically stable with respect to the neutral by 0.457 eV, our calculations also find the valence anionic state to be adiabatically unstable by 0.248 eV with respect to the dipole-bound anionic state and by 0.196 eV with respect to the neutral.
The results of low-energy electron transmission spectroscopy experiments suggest that the valence anionic state is also unbound at the geometry of the neutral.
The current view is that the valence anionic states of isolated nucleic acid bases are unbound, or at best, very weakly bound, although bound states dominate for solvated species.
The intra- and intermolecular tautomerizations involving nucleic acid bases have long been suggested as critical steps in mutations of DNA.
Intramolecular proton transfer reactions have been studied for both isolated and hydrated nucleic acid bases.
Intermolecular single and double proton transfer reactions have been studied for the dimers of nucleic acid bases in both their ground and excited electronic states.
Only small activation barriers were found for both the anionic and cationic GC pair, with the proton transfer reaction being favorable for the anion and slightly unfavorable for the cation.
Recently we described a proton transfer process, which is induced by the attachment of an excess electron to the complex of uracil (U) with proton donors, such as glycine, alanine, formic acid, model inorganic acids,and alcohols.
Denoting a proton donor as HA, the following process was identified:U⋯HA + e− → UH˙⋯A−Our ab initio calculations and photoelectron spectroscopy measurements (PES) strongly suggested that the electron attachment to complexes of uracil with some of these HA’s leads to a barrier-free proton transfer (BFPT) from the acid (HA) to the O8 atom of U, with the product dimer complex being a neutral radical of hydrogenated uracil (UH˙) and A−.
The driving force for proton transfer is the stabilization of the excess electron onto the π* orbital of the base.
Thus, one may envision the process as one in which the excess electron first attaches itself to the nucleic acid base moiety of the dimer, forming an ultra-basic anion, which then extracts a proton from the proton donor portion of the dimer to yield the complex, UH˙⋯A−.
Our previous studies were limited to complexes of uracil with various HA’s and we discussed the occurrence of BFPT as an outcome of the interplay between the deprotonation energy of HA, protonation energy of U−, and the energy of intermolecular hydrogen bonds.
Our results strongly suggested that alanine and phenylalanine act in a similar way as does glycine in its anionic dimeric complexes with uracil.
Thus, the BFPT process was not very sensitive to the nature of the amino acid’s hydrophobic residual group.
We have recently found that BFPT also occurs in anionic complexes of thymine (T) with formic acid (F) though a difference in the photoelectron spectra of UF− and TF− suggested that the methyl group of thymine could make a difference in the intermolecular proton transfer to the O8 atom (see Fig. 1 for the numbering of atoms in T).
An interesting point here is that attachment of low-energy electrons to complexes of RNA or DNA with proteins may also lead to mutations.
For instance, thymine hydrogenated at the O8 position cannot form a hydrogen bond with adenine, as dictated by the Watson–Crick pairing scheme.
We have also found that the radical, TH˙ has a significant electron affinity.
Photosystem II (PSII) is located in the thylakoid membrane of higher plants, algae and cyanobacteria and captures sun light with two antenna proteins CP47 and CP43, which transfer the excitation energy to the photochemical reaction center with primary electron donor P680 formed by chlorophyll a (Chla) molecule(s).
The excited primary donor is oxidized to P680+˙, and the released electron travels along the electron transfer chain (ETC) featuring two pairs of Chla, one pair of pheophytin a (Pheoa) and two plastoquinones (QA and QB).
P680+˙ is re-reduced via redox-active tyrosine TyrZ by an electron from a Mn-cluster that catalyzes the oxidation of water to atmospheric oxygen.
After two cycles, doubly reduced and protonated QB is released as plastoquinol QBH2 into the plastoquinone pool in the thylakoid membrane and oxidized at the membrane-intrinsic cytochrome b6f complex to QB.
The electrons are transferred at the lumenal side of the membrane to soluble cytochrome c6 or plastocyanin and conveyed to photosystem I. Here the electrons are donated at the cytoplasmic (stromal) side to soluble ferredoxin that brings them to ferredoxin-NADP+ reductase where the reducing equivalents finally convert NADP+ to NADPH.
This whole process is associated with formation of a proton gradient across the membrane that drives synthesis of ATP.
Together with NADPH, it serves to reduce CO2 to carbohydrates.
The crystal structure of oxygen-evolving PSII core from the thermophilic cyanobacterium Thermosynechococcus elongatus has been determined at 3.8 Å and 3.5 Å, respectively4,5 and that of Thermosynechococcus vulcanus at 3.7 Å resolution.
The structures show that PSII occurs as homodimer with the monomers related by a non-crystallographic twofold axis (pseudo-C2).
Phytochromes make up a class of regulatory biliprotein photoreceptors in plants that monitor the quality and quantity of light in the environment and govern the adaptation of growth and developmental patterns in response to the prevailing light conditions by means of so-called photomorphogenic processes.
The chromophore of phytochrome, phytochromobilin (PΦB, Fig. 1), is an open-chain tetrapyrrole which is covalently bound to a cysteine residue of the apoprotein through a thioether linkage.
Phytochromes exist in two thermostable forms: the physiologically inactive red-light absorbing form (Pr, λmax = 660 nm) and the physiologically active far-red-light absorbing form (Pfr, λmax = 730 nm).
These two are photointerconvertible, and Pr/Pfr thus constitutes a photochromic system.
It has also been established that only the first step of the reaction, formation of the lumi-R intermediate, requires light; the subsequent steps leading to Pfr take place in the dark (cfref. 14.).
As for conformational changes of the protein and the chromophore during the phototransformation, a detailed understanding is still missing (e.g., X-ray crystallographic structures are not available).
In 1983, Rüdiger and co-workers recorded H NMR spectra of chromopeptide fragments of phytochrome showing that while the chromophore in Pr has a Z configuration around the C15C16 bond (C15-Z), the chromophore adopts a C15-E configuration in Pfr.
Accordingly, they proposed that the primary photochemical reaction underlying the activation of phytochrome involves a Z → E isomerization of the chromophore around its C15C16 bond.
The consensus of these studies is that the configuration of PΦB indeed is C15-Z in Pr and C15-E in Pfr.
Furthermore, the C15-Z → C15-E photoisomerization appears to take place prior to the formation of the first intermediate (lumi-R), which is in accordance with the observation that the lumi-R → Pfr conversion does not require light (cfref. 14.).
Apart from implicating different configurations around the C15C16 bond, RR vibrational spectra also argue for different configurations with respect to the C14−C15 bond in Pr and Pfr (C15-syn and C15-anti, respectively).
This suggests that the geometry of the methine bridge between pyrrole rings C and D changes from C15-Z,syn to C15-E,anti during the course of the reaction (Fig. 1), i.e., the conversion of Pr into Pfr involves a ‘two-fold’ isomerization of PΦB.
The isomerization about both a double bond and an adjacent single bond is commonly referred to as a ‘hula-twist’ isomerization.
It has been argued that the primary photochemical reaction corresponds to the two isomerizations occurring simultaneously in a concerted fashion, as this mode may require less space in the protein pocket harbouring rings C and D.
On the other hand, RR vibrational spectra of Pr, lumi-R, and Pfr suggest that the syn → anti isomerization is not initiated until after the formation of lumi-R, which implies that syn → anti proceeds thermally.
The possibility that the protonation state of PΦB changes during the Pr → Pfr transformation is another issue that has attracted considerable interest.
As for Pr, spectroscopic data from RR and Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) studies unambiguously show that the chromophore is protonated (Fig. 1).
In Pfr, on the other hand, the RR spectra due to Mizutani et al. favour a deprotonated chromophore, while subsequent and arguably more reliable RR spectra recorded by Hildebrandt and co-workers using near-infrared Fourier transform techniques, which reduce the interference by inherent fluorescence on RR signals, suggest that the chromophore remains protonated throughout the Pr → Pfr transformation.
FTIR results are also indicative of the chromophore being protonated not only in Pr and Pfr, but also in all intermediates connecting these.
From relatively recent quantum chemical studies of the chromophore photoisomerization underlying the biological activity of the rhodopsin family of proteins, it has been suggested that only two electronic states of the chromophore (a retinal molecule) are of importance for this reaction; the ground state (S0) and the strongly absorbing first singlet excited state (S1).
This two-state model, which challenges a proposed three-state model involving the optically forbidden second singlet excited state (S2) as well, has later also been implicated in other photoisomerizations of conjugated protein-bound chromophores, including, e.g., that of p-coumaric acid responsible for the activation of the bacterial photoreceptor photoactive yellow protein.
It is well known that helium is the second most abundant element in the interstellar medium.
Helium is involved in several important gas-phase reactions.
The charge transfer recombination of multiply charged ionic species in collision with atomic helium is important in interstellar processes.
For example, more than eighty charge exchange reactions involving the He+ have been identified in astrophysical plasmas.
Moreover, recent ion measurements from the Jovian magnetosphere have indicated the presence of helium, oxygen and sulfur ions.
It is therefore not surprising that the electronic structure of multiply charged seeded helide cations of form, HenXm+ (where n = 1 2, X = C,N,O and m = 1,2), have been extensively investigated using ab initio techniques by Hughes and von Nagy-Felsobuki.
Of the triatomic seeded helides ions, He2C2+ is the most likely candidate for detection in the interstellar medium.
The χ A1 state of He2C2+ has been extensively investigated by Koch and Frenking and Hughes and von Nagy-Felsobuki.
This state is predicted to be thermodynamically stable with a dissociation energy of ca. 57 kJ mol−1.
It is lower in energy than the 3B1 state.
Frenking and Cremer have also postulated that in this state the binding force of this ion is electrostatic in nature.
At the CCSD(T)_AE/cc-pCVTZ level of theory, Hughes and von Nagy-Felsobuki have determined that its optimised structural parameters (rC–He; θHe–C–He) are (1.570 Å; 84.1°), respectively.
In a recent IR-UV ion dip spectroscopic study of the amino acid tryptophan, isolated in the gas phase,1 it was possible to record the IR spectra in the N–H and O–H stretch region of its six lowest lying molecular conformers.
This success depended upon the availability and separate resolution of distinct, non-overlapping UV spectral features that could be associated with one conformer at a time.
Prompted by this and by earlier successful spectroscopic and structural investigations of the hydrated complexes of 3-propionic acid, and of 2-indole acetic and 3-indole propionic acids, the same strategy was subsequently applied to an investigation of the hydrated complexes of tryptophan.
Unfortunately, severe spectral overlap in their congested resonant two-photon ionisation (R2PI) spectra prevented the separate detection of individual species.
Assignment of the IR ion-dip spectrum (recorded between 2900 cm−1 and 3800 cm−1 in the mass channel of the singly hydrated tryptophan ion) was further complicated by the broad and very diffuse features appearing towards the lower wavenumbers which could reflect spectral overlap or the broadening of spectrally shifted bands perturbed by hydrogen-bonded interactions.
The possibility of problems arising from spectral congestion was not unexpected.
The tryptophan molecule accommodates a flexible side chain which adopts at least six energetically low-lying conformations: water molecules might bind to any of these at a number of alternative sites.
Bound water molecules might select particularly favourable conformers but they might also change the preferred molecular conformation(s), to include perhaps, conformers that are not populated in the bare amino acid.
Attachment of a water molecule to phenylalanine stabilises its second-most stable conformer of the monomer, which presents a favourable syn carboxylic acid structure; its minimum energy conformation presents an unfavourable anti structure and a ‘closed’ hydrogen-bonded network.
Comparisons between the experimental data and the computed spectra, taking into account the relative energies of the computed structures, led to the tentative conclusion that the principal components of the observed UV and IR spectra were likely to be associated with triply hydrated complexes of a newly populated extended conformer of tryptophan, rather than singly or multiply hydrated complexes of the most favoured conformer of bare tryptophan.
Since completion of this study improved quantum computational codes for calculations involving molecular complexes have become available.
There is a great amount of literature available indicating that membranes are inhomogeneous, complex fluids.
For instance, observation of diffusion in cell membranes demonstrated confined motion of membrane constituents and even subdiffusion.
In earlier work, the motion of labeled single lipids was visualized.
The transport of a signal mediated by components of a membrane can occur through lateral diffusion.
Reactions dependent on diffusion may proceed faster in the two dimensions of the membrane than in the three dimensions of the cytoplasm.
The two-dimensional liquid-crystalline membranes generally consist in a diverse amphiphilic lipid bilayer where proteins are differently integrated.
Membranes seem to be relatively homogenous systems where lateral diffusion could be described easily.
However, it was found that the cell membrane is inhomogeneous over different time and length scales.
Inhomogeneity was experimentally shown for the two main classes of membrane components, both for lipids and for proteins, by demonstration of restricted mobility.
The motion of proteins can be confined to regions of 100 nm to 1 μm size for a time from 3–35 s.
The actual size of these confinements for the lateral protein motion seems to be dependent on the cell type investigated.
Using optical tweezers, barrier free lengths for proteins of 1–10 μm were found.
Lipid diffusion within a membrane can be confined for times of less than a second to regions of 250–750 nm size within the cell membrane.
However, free diffusion was observed for lipids within a membrane, too.
Furthermore, the diffusive speed of integral proteins in biological membranes is decreased by one order of magnitude up to immobility compared to the less complex model membranes.
Disturbing interactions of diffusing proteins with other structures within the membrane, e.g. with the membrane-associated cytoskeleton or ordered lipid domains, are supposed to be the reasons for this behavior.
Membrane components coming into question as potential obstructions can be arranged according to their size.
Proteins (25–75% of membrane mass) can be considered as a first category of obstacles on a length scale of few nanometers.
As a second category, proteins with condensed lipid shells of a 10 nm diameter come into play.
Lipid rafts, as a potential third category, presumably have a size of 25–300 nm and represent mobile lipid organizations which differ with respect to their composition from their environment.
Their occurrence was merely indirectly deducted, e.g., from protein-clustering experiments.
Hence, the biological membrane is currently considered to be an inhomogeneous fluid with structures on length scales of 1 nm to 10 μm which affect the lateral diffusion.
Anomalous, non-Brownian diffusion was reported for different membrane components.
For proteins in the plasma membrane, exponents in the range of α = 0.1–0.9 were found.
However, evidence for the occurrence of subdiffusion by single-particle-tracking methods is often based on short trajectories where the scaling arguments can be inaccurate.
In order to understand the results on membrane diffusion experiments, computer simulation methods were developed and performed.
Molecular dynamics calculations of the interactions of proteins, lipids and water molecules were carried out but the corresponding length scale is limited to very short distances (∼1 nm).
The diffusion constants obtained (1–10 μm2 s−1) agree with those from spectroscopic measurements.
Results of these simulations show, e.g. that a 10- to 100-fold decrease of the diffusion coefficient can arise from protein concentrations close to the percolation threshold.
At protein concentration above the percolation threshold, only confined diffusion is found.
The former appears at long times normal whereas it may appear at short times as anomalous.
The implementation of particle traps made the simulation of anomalous diffusion possible.
Increasing interest in understanding the basis of lipid and protein diffusion led to the development of various experimental models of the cell membrane, e.g. lipid vesicles with incorporated proteins, planar supported bilayers, with one or more membrane double layers on solid supports which were used for lipid and protein diffusion measurements.
Within the scope of earlier studies homogeneous one-component systems were investigated.
Later, full membrane extracts or multi-component systems in which phase separated lipids form obstructions for diffusion were studied.
Currently, the lipid raft mixtures have been frequently investigated by different methods.
Monolayers at the air/water interface have a critical advantage over cells and lipid vesicles regarding the investigation of diffusion by SPT techniques.
This is the large observable area leading to long observation times.
Moreover, the packing density of a monolayer at the air/water interface can be conveniently varied at a constant temperature which is not possible for supported bilayers.
In Langmuir monolayers, a broad variable range of length scales within inhomogeneous structures is accessible.
In the phase coexistence region e.g. in the liquid-expanded/liquid-condensed coexistence, inhomogeneities are characteristic and the size of occurring domains can be varied by altering the lateral pressure.
The chemical reactivity of a molecule is often interpreted in terms of charge distribution of its atoms.
Atomic charges are used to indicate the preferred direction for a reagent to approach a substrate.
Although the chemists have an intuitive feeling for the reactivity based on charge distribution, assigning precise reactivity from atomic charge failed in several cases.
Global hardness and global softness represent the reactivity of a molecule as a whole.
On the other hand, the Fukui function defines the reactivity of an atom in a molecule and it is a local property.
Fukui function and local softness, which is closely related, are suited to describe the relative reactivity of different substrates.
Pearson's hard–soft acid–base (HSAB)  principle suggested that hard–hard and soft–soft interactions are favorable over hard–soft interactions.
Again it has been found that soft–soft interactions are preferred in the site of the maximum Fukui function, i.e. frontier control, but on the other hand, hard–hard interactions are preferred in the site of the minimum Fukui function,i.e. charge control.
The β-carbon, which is conjugated with the carbonyl carbon develops partial positive charge.
Experimentally it has been found that a nucleophile attacks at the β-carbon atom of α,β-unsaturated carbonyl compounds.
Caveolae are small, flask shaped invaginations in the cell membrane.
They are thought to play a crucial role in cell signaling, endocytosis and intracellular cholesterol transport.
Caveolin-1, 2 and 3 are key proteins, which are important for the formation of the invaginations on the cell surface.
Caveolin-1 exists in two isoforms: caveolin-1 alpha (α) and caveolin-1 beta (β).
Bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) are a subfamily of the TGF beta superfamily and their response is mediated by serine/threonine kinase receptors.
Epidermal growth factor (EGF) is known to signal through tyrosine kinase receptors of the ErbB family.
Caveolae are small, flask-shaped invaginations of the cell membrane, which are thought to play a crucial role in endocytosis, signaling and intracellular cholesterol transport.
Caveolin-1, 2 and 3 are the key proteins involved in the formation of the invaginations.
Caveolin-1 is expressed in two isoforms, caveolin-1 α and caveolin-1 β, that differ in their coding.
Still, the two caveolin-1 isoforms have a common hydrophobic stretch of amino acids, a scaffolding domain and an acetylated C-terminus.
They are distributed slightly differently on the cell surface, and previous work suggests that there are caveolae composed only (or mainly) of the β isoform as well as caveolae with both isoforms present.
Bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) play crucial roles during embryonic development in chondrogenesis, osteogenesis, neurogenesis and hematopoiesis.
They exert their function by signaling through serine threonine kinase receptors.
BMPs need to bind to at least one type-I and one type-II receptor in order to activate the Smad or p38 pathways.
Epidermal growth factor (EGF) is in part responsible for the proliferation of cells and exerts its function by signaling through tyrosine kinase receptors, leading to the activation of the Map kinase (Mapk) pathways.
There is increasing evidence that domains on the cell surface exist to act as sites for protein–protein interactions leading to activation of specific signaling pathways.
By serving as regions of the cell surface that can be enriched in receptors to signaling proteins, the probability of interaction among the receptors increases significantly allowing for more rapid responses.
In the case of the BMP receptors, their organization in caveolae may facilitate creation of preformed complexes of type-I and type II receptors.
Interactions between receptors and regulatory proteins within the domains can, in principle, lead to either activation or inhibition of the corresponding signaling pathways.
However, unless the caveolae are specific to particular receptor families, the high density of receptors in the domain could lead to interaction between different receptor systems and hence cross-talk between otherwise distinct signaling pathways.
The development of new generation photosensitizers to improve the efficiency of photodynamic therapy (PDT) is an area of intensive research.
In PDT, the activation of a photosensitizer by light generates singlet molecular oxygen (1O2), a highly active form of oxygen that reacts with many biomolecules, including lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids.
The biomolecules are chemically modified by the action of 1O2 and, therefore, cannot accomplish their function, which leads to cell death.
This therapy is applied for treatment of cancer, as well as for bacterial and viral eradication.
The fluorescence exhibited by photosensitizers means they can also be used for detection of tumors.
The advantages of this method, as compared to other conventional cancer treatment modalities, are its low systemic toxicity and its ability to destroy tumors selectively.
Nevertheless, the application of PDT remains restricted due to the limited penetration of light into tissues, the photosensitization of normal tissues, and the residual skin photosensitivity that is observed for several weeks following treatment.
The lipophilicity of a particular photosensitizer determines its localization and, therefore, the site and nature of the damage it gives rise to in cells; in general, lipophilic photosensitizers accumulate in the membrane of a cell and its organelles.
On the other hand, hydrophilic, as well as aggregated states of photosensitizers, enter the cell by pynocitosis and are localized mainly in lysosomes and endosomes.
There are many photosensitizers, mostly porphyrin or phthalocyanine derivatives, under clinical study that can be classified as lipophilic or hydrophilic.
However, there are a few examples of neutral macrocycles with long alkyl chains which have been studied as potential photosensitizers for PDT.
The efficiency and selectivity of tumor targeting has been shown to increase slightly upon increasing the length of the alkyl groups connected to a Zn(ii)–phthalocyanine complex.
This species belongs to the Rajidae, one of three groups of weakly electric fish.
We chose electrocytes for this study because they are large cells with very few organelles.
This facilitates the study of the intracellular localization of the photosensitizer.
In addition, electric ray electrocytes have myoproteins.
The electrocytes are highly polarized and multinuclear cells.
The other face, which is convex, is non-innervated (NIF) and shows a system of caveolae.
The nuclei are localized at the posterior region of the cytoplasm.
The affinity of this lipophilic photosensitizer for the nerves is a result of this tissue being rich in fatty acids.
For example, a lipophilic phthalocyanine has been found to localize on the lysosomes.
Compared to the negative control, the peak for Na+ is five times larger, while for oxygen, the variation is not significant.
Additionally, the Ca2+ peak is twice as large for the treated electrocyte compared to the negative control, but that for K+ is six times smaller.
The massive intracellular accumulation of Cl– and, particularly, the influx of Na+ lead to cell swelling, and eventually a necrotic response from the cells.
It should be pointed out that chloride channel activation is not usual for weakly electric fish.
However, the presence of a voltage-gated chloride channel was demonstrated in the non-innervated plasma membrane of electrocytes of Torpedo, a strongly electric fish.
In contrast, the increase in the Ca2+ concentration in the electrocytes suggests the participation of an apoptotic mechanism.
Moreover, the interaction of 1 with DNA, and even the low amount of mitochondrial-bound porphyrin, may contribute to cell death by an apoptotic mechanism after excitation with light.
The photosensitizer used in this work has liquid crystalline properties.
It would be very interesting to compare these results with those obtained using another photosensitizer with a similar chemical structure but no mesomorphic properties.
Salol, or phenyl-2-hydroxybenzoate, or phenyl salicylate (see Fig. 1) are three names for an ester with diversified applications, namely as a stabilizer for cellulosic and vinyl plastics, as an ingredient for suntan preparations, and also as an analgesic and antipyretic.
Furthermore, it is a fragile glass-forming substance and, in this context, it is considered as a model substance for the study of the glass transition and of the molecular mobility in the supercooled liquid state and in the glass.
It was found, a long time ago, that crystalline salol can exist in, at least, two different crystal structures, one stable that melts at Tfus = 41.7° C, and the other, instable, with Tfus = 28.5° C.
Furthermore, the crystallization behaviour of salol has been the subject of investigation for many years.
Salol is easily supercooled, that is to say, it has a low tendency to crystallize on cooling and it is relatively easy to vitrify.
It was found that the crystallization due to crystal growth occurs in the temperature interval between 254 and 313 K (between −19 and +40° C) with a maximum at 297 K (26° C).
More recently, a different crystallization mechanism was identified by Oguni et al. in the vicinity of the glass transition temperature (Tg = 211 K = −52° C at 10 K min−1 obtained by DSC), and it was demonstrated that the crystals formed at 220 K and at 300 K have the same crystal structure.
It is recognised that the homogeneous nucleation rate has a maximum near Tg in many cases, given that the development of structured clusters of molecules is enhanced as the temperature decreases.
In particular, this is expected to be the case for fragile liquids, given that they have more opportunities for the development of structured cluster-like configurations.
Below Tg, however, the motional rearrangement of molecules becomes sluggish, so that the nucleation process should be kinetically reduced.
Despite this general idea, the existence of a slow nucleation mechanism below Tg in salol was proposed in a recent paper.
According to this work, the crystal formed as a consequence of this mechanism is a metastable polymorph that melts at Tfus = 300 K = 27° C, and the β-molecular relaxation process is believed to be the motional process that controls the nucleation and growth mechanisms under such conditions.
Such analysis requires a simple and accurate method, rather than high-throughput.
Current DNA analysis methods utilize an enzyme reaction or DNA probe.
The latter technique is especially suitable for rapid DNA detection.
Microfluidic systems offer superior controllability of fluidics.
Synthesis and turnover of membrane phospholipids is essential for cell growth and function, and hydrolysis of membrane phospholipid is central to many intracellular signalling mechanisms.
Hydrolysis of phosphatidylcholine (PC) is a major signalling mechanism of neutrophils, leukocytes that phagocytose and kill bacteria as part of the innate immune response, generating phosphatidic acid, diacylglycerol and arachidonate-derived lipid second messengers.
Enzymatic pathways for synthesis and turnover of membrane phospholipids are well characterised, but mechanisms regulating their molecular specificity remain unclear.
The combinations of fatty acyl moieties esterified to the glycerol backbone define the molecular species composition of glycerophospholipids and are major determinants of their biological functions in membranes.
These functions include providing the physico–chemical environment for optimal membrane protein function and acting as substrates for a wide range of intracellular signalling phospholipases.
Studies of PC synthesis by livers and lungs of experimental animals, using HPLC to follow incorporations of radioactive substrates, have shown that newly synthesised PC is acyl remodelled to its final membrane composition by sequential actions of phospholipases and acyltransferase enzymes.
We have previously used ESI-MS/MS to document the incorporation of (methyl-d9-choline) into endonuclear PC of cultured cancer cell lines, but this provides no insight into the relative synthetic rates of quiescent primary human cell types.
White blood cells represent a readily accessible population of primary human cells, and sub-population of lymphocyte and neutrophils cells can be obtained in reasonable yield.
Lymphocytes orchestrate the humoral immune response, while neutrophils are central to the immediate innate host defence responses to microbial pathogens.
Hydrolysis of PC by phospholipase D is a major mechanism regulating the activation of neutrophils NADPH oxidase, the enzyme complex responsible for generation of bacteriocidal oxygen radicals, and maintenance of an optimal PC composition is thought to be central to this process.
In addition, neutrophils are major sources for the generation of prostaglandins and leukotrienes derived from arachidonic acid (C20∶4,n-6), which in turn is released from membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A2 activity.
Metal nanoparticles have attracted great interest because of their possible use in “bottom-up” construction of nanoelectronic devices with spherical nanoparticles and cylindrical nanorods since they possess unique optical, electrical, magnetic and catalytic properties.
Gold nanoparticles synthesised by citrate reduction of HAuCl4 solutions are nearly monodisperse spheres of a sized controlled by the preparation conditions, 20 nm in our case.
They have a negative surface charge as a consequence of bond citrate and present a characteristic surface plasmon mode absorbance at 520–530 nm for 15–20 nm Au nanoparticles.
Interesting optical properties such as surface enhanced Raman scattering (SERS) by as much as 1013–1014 fold and visible luminiscence8 have been reported for monolayer-protected gold clusters.
A red-shift in reflection mode (red to blue colour change of the transmitted light) is observed when the interparticle distance is shortened.
This shift is observed for the floculation of functionalized Au nanoparticles for instance when high ionic strength electrolyte solutions are added to the particle colloidal solutions due to screening of the negative charge particle repulsion leading to shorter interparticle distances or when DNA, or heavy metal ion linkers are used to form larger linked-particle assemblies.
Close proximity of Au nanoparticles in self-assembled films also causes a red-shift phenomena.
Theoretical interpretation of light extinction (absorption and scattering) of metal spherical colloids dates back to Mie.
Quinten and Kreibig developed theoretical models for the optical properties of different non-linear aggregates.
Two-dimensional arrays of varying diameter have been obtained after thiol modification of nanocrystals with alkanethiols of different chain length.
The surface plasmon absorption band of metal nanoclusters is sensitive to the adsorbed ions or surface complexed molecules, which dampen the surface plasmon band as shown for colloidal silver particles with I– and SH–, and for Au nanoparticles capped with tetraoctylammonium bromide.
Whitesides and co-workers have described the change in the floculation of gold nanoparticle dipersions upon chemisorption of alkanethiols bearing terminal functional groups by observation of the spectral changes in the UV-Visible range (red shift).
The stability of globular proteins depends on temperature, solvent properties, and its hydration capacity.
Another important factor contributing to the stability of proteins is their relative affinity towards a particular reagent (in the present context, a co-solvent) in comparison to water or buffer solution.
The use of co-solvents such as glycerol and sucrose have been used widely, primarily because of their ability to stabilize the folded proteins through a mechanism that does not involve direct contact, but rather their preferential exclusion from the protein surface.
Brandts and Pohl proposed that the driving force for stabilizing the protein folded conformation is a non-specific solvation effect in which the preferential exclusion of the co-solvents from the protein surface arises from enhanced water ordering (structure makers).
In contrast, when denaturating co-solvents bind to proteins, water–protein and water–co-solvent interactions, that occur in the unbound state, are replaced by relatively stronger co-solvent–protein interactions in the bound state with concomitant release of water molecules into the bulk phase.
Furthermore, these compounds tend to reduce the solvent ordering (structure breakers).
Such ligand interactions can be studied based on determining the solvent accessible surface area (SASA).
The structure-making and structure-breaking tendencies of these compounds on protein-bound water have been studied extensively by Lin et al.
Their results indicate that when hydrophilic groups, such as charged or polar side chains of proteins, are exposed or come in contact with the surrounding water, they show a pattern characteristic of structure breakers, with a large positive apparent expansion coefficient of the protein, in particular at low temperature, which decreases drastically with increasing temperature.
On the contrary, apolar, hydrophobic amino acid side groups act in the reverse manner, as structure makers, by enhancing the space consuming hydrogen-bonded network structure of water, particularly at low temperature.
This is accompanied by a decrease in solvent density around the hydrophobic groups.
Aliphatic side chains, for example, are known to have even negative apparent thermal expansion coefficients, α, at low temperatures (near 0 °C) with a large positive temperature coefficient.
Increasing thermal energy, however, allows the water molecules to free themselves from this expanded ordered solvation state.
Irrespective of whether co-solvents directly interact with or are preferentially excluded from the protein surface, they induce definite changes in the quantity of bound water and its associated properties, such as hydrogen-bonded structure, and chemical potential.
Densimetric studies are often not of sufficient sensitivity to reveal these changes in solvation properties or volume changes upon unfolding of proteins.
This high sensitivity is a prerequisite for such studies, as the expansivity and the volume change upon unfolding, which can be either positive of negative, are usually very small (ΔV/V < 0.3%).
Snase is a small protein of about 17.5 kDa containing 149 amino acid residues and no disulfide bonds.
It has an extraordinarily high fraction of ionisable groups.
The X-ray diffraction pattern of native crystalline Snase reveals that in the crystalline state the protein contains 26.2% helices, 24.8% β-sheets (barrel), 7.4% extended chains, 24.8% turns and loops, and 8.7% unordered chains, and the remaining 8.1% is uncertain.
Volume and expansivity changes of Snase upon pressure and acid induced denaturation were given elsewhere and are compared with these data.
Molecules B that exhibit both non-bonding (n) and π- bonding electron pairs are dealt with by the third part of some rules put forward in 1982 to account for the observed angular geometries of hydrogen-bonded complexes B⋯HX, where B is a simple Lewis base and HX is a hydrogen halide.
Part 3 of the rules states that, in such a complex, the n-pair is definitive of the angular geometry.
Thus, the zero-point state of the most stable form of furan⋯HCl has an angular geometry predicted by the rules.
Subsequently, it was shown, by using the same experimental method, that the related complex furan⋯HF has an angular geometry of the same type as that of furan⋯HCl.
A recent investigation of the rotational spectrum of the complex furan⋯HBr led to an unexpected result, namely that it was not isomorphous with the HCl and HF complexes of furan.
Instead, the observed angular geometry of furan⋯HBr resembles that of benzene⋯HBr, in the sense that the Br atom lies above the centre of the face of the aromatic ring and the H atom of HBr appears to form a hydrogen bond to the π electrons system in each case.
The series of complexes pyridine⋯HX, where X is F, Cl or Br, all have the C2v geometry, as expected from the rules, that is the HX molecule lies along the C2 axis of pyridine and forms a hydrogen bond to N. The hydrogen bond is reasonably strong in each case and indeed there is evidence of a significant contribution of the ionic form C5H5NH+⋯Br– to the valence-bond description of the complex with HBr.
A reason why the pyridine⋯HX series is homogeneous in its angular geometry while the furan⋯HX series is not becomes apparent when the molecular electric dipole µ and quadrupole moments Θ of the heterocyclic aromatic molecules pyridine and furan are compared.
In pyridine, both µ and the component Θzz of Θ, where z is the C2 axis, are large and negative, corresponding to a prominent nonbonding electron pair on N. In furan, µ is smaller and Θzz is close to zero, suggesting that the n-pair in furan is more involved in the ring.
It has been proposed that the change from the C2v to the face-on geometry when HX is HBr arises from a reduced contribution of electrostatic factors coupled with an increased dispersion effect.
The former occurs because the electric dipole moment of HBr is smaller than that of HF or HCl while the latter is expected to increase in the order HF < HCl < HBr.
Both changes are in a direction that favours a face-on geometry, as observed in benzene⋯HBr.
For thiophene, µ is even smaller and the component Θzz is positive.
In this work, we consider three separate cases.
Recently, several novel experiments were reported to have observed the liquid–liquid phase separation in monatomic liquids, molecular liquids as well as in complex liquids.
Stimulated by these laboratory findings, a number of computer-simulation experiments were performed and claimed to have successfully reproduced or captured the essential characteristics of some of the above liquid–liquid phase transitions.
Perhaps more interesting is that these simulation studies predict in addition an isostructural solid–solid transition for a few simple parametric “model” systems.
Implicit in all of these empirical endeavors is the quest for understanding the link between the role of the range and strength (in particular, the attractive nature) of inter-particle interactions and the possible mechanisms underlying these complicated phenomena.
In this respect, recent experimental and computer simulation results have had a great impact on the theoretical development of liquid–liquid, liquid–solid and solid–solid phase equilibria.
One of the earlier quantitative works of this kind was that by Victor and Hansen who, based on the idea of the Week, Chandler and Andersen, worked out a first-order thermodynamic perturbation theory for a charge-stabilized colloidal dispersion induced at high salt concentrations.
The theory emphasizes the attraction between charged colloids as arising from the long range van der Waals type and predicts a liquid–liquid phase transition showing features quite similar to those observed by Kotera et al. for the polystyrene latex particles and by Hachisu for the gold sol system.
The mechanism for the occurrence of the phase transition has been attributed to the existence of a second minimum in the colloid–colloid potential, a characteristic feature simulated in their theoretical studies by an excess salt condition.
Following a somewhat different perturbation theory of Gast et al., Kaldasch et al. subsequently extended the work of Victor and Hansen to second order and included in the phase diagram calculations the liquid–liquid phase transition boundary determined with respect to the liquid–solid coexistence curves.
It should be mentioned moreover that the same first-order theory as Victor and Hansen has been reported also by Lai et al. who analyzed and compared in some details the phase separation results between the well-known DLVO model and a realistic model previously proposed by Belloni.
A more quantitative second-order thermodynamic perturbation has very recently been reported by Lai and Wu.
This latter work made a detailed comparison of the theory with flocculation scenario observed in charged colloids.
Parallel to these realistic calculations but emerging around 1994 are two theoretical approaches to the study of phase separation.
The first approach attempts to understand the phase separation employing the well-known classical density functional theory.
With the recent development of the inhomogeneous density functional theory for the hard-sphere system in solid state and in conjunction with the liquid state theory already available in the literature, several simple model systems have been investigated.
These studies confirm some of the computer-simulation findings and predict generally the occurrence of the isostructural solid–solid phase transition.
On theoretical basis, this approach is rigorous.
Baus and coworkers are the early main contributors to this approach.
By taking the hard spheres as reference system, and in conjunction with the cell model for liquid and an analogue for solid, these authors succeeded in deriving theoretically self-consistent liquid and solid free-energy expressions in terms of the attractive part of the potential.
Several attractive model potentials were investigated and most show liquid–liquid as well as solid–solid phase transitions.
The calculation is both a supplement to the works of Baus and coworkers and an extension of our recent communication.
The choice for this potential is twofold.
Most importantly, the present model potential mimics closely the embellished form of the colloid–colloid potential function customarily employed in more complicated thermodynamic perturbation theory seeking for an analytical hard sphere reference system (see Fig. 1 in each of refs. 16 and 22).
The paper is therefore organized as follows.
In Section 2, we describe the van der Waals theory and give the expressions for the thermodynamic functions needed in the phase diagram calculation.
Then, in Section 3 we present our numerical results for the three cases showing the role played by γ and λ.
A conclusion that summarizes our present work is given in Section 4.
Encapsulation of organic compounds inside the rigid pores of zeolites has become a routine tool in supramolecular chemistry to alter and control the photophysical properties of incarcerated guest.
This is the case of organic polymers or oligomers encapsulated inside zeolites.
Concerning the emission efficiency it had been demonstrated that the conformational mobility of the phenylene rings permitting the ring twisting is one of the major radiationless deactivation pathways causing the decrease of emission quantum yields.
To overcome this limitation a strategy has consisted in the chemical modification of the polymers by putting methylene bridges between two consecutive phenylene rings (polyfluorene derivatives) that thwart the mobility of the rings.
An alternative to the modification of the phenylene by substitution that would require more elaborated starting materials would be its incorporation inside the rigid framework of microporous hosts.
As a general phenomenon it has been observed that incorporation of a guest inside the zeolite micropores disfavors radiationless deactivation pathways arising from conformational mobility.
In recent years, numerous researchers have investigated the photocatalytic activities of TiO2 due to the strong oxidation power of its photogenerated holes under ultraviolet (UV) light irradiation, as well as its chemical inertness and nontoxicity.
In addition to the strong oxidation power, we reported that UV light irradiation causes the TiO2 surface to become highly hydrophilic.
These useful properties have been applied to commercial products, such as anti-fogging mirrors, self-cleaning ceramic tiles, etc. At normal pressure, TiO2 has three different crystal structures, rutile, anatase and brookite.
As photocatalysts, both rutile and anatase phases have been widely investigated, and it is well known that the photocatalytic activities of the anatase phase are mostly superior to those of the rutile one.
In contrast, there are a limited number of reports on brookite phase TiO2 and most of these papers are simply on its preparation.
Proteins play a critical role in almost all biological processes, and the understanding of the physical basis of their mutual interactions is a key to this understanding.
In order to develop a model that describes the interactions among biological macro-ions leading to a general theory of liquid-crystal transition, it is essential to have a clear picture of the forces acting among proteins in solution.
Surface charge and inter-particle interactions of globular proteins can be easily modulated by varying pH, salt concentration and temperature.
Protein solutions are stable when Coulombic repulsions dominate the attractive interactions.
At the isoelectric point, pI, the number of positively charged groups equals the number of negatively charged ones and the protein solubility drastically drops with formation of amorphous precipitates.
In order to overcome this inconvenience some repulsive contributions at the interactions potential have to be preserved.
This is typically obtained by using a pH far from the isoelectric point and adding a salt whose counter-ions partially screen the charges on the proteins.
The optimal crystallization conditions are strongly linked with a salt concentration able to reduce the range of electrostatic repulsions at distances where the attractive forces are effective (i.e. the Debye length is shorter than macro-ion diameter).
A very intriguing effect is the so-called ‘Hofmeister anion effect’: in fact different salts at the same ionic strength produce different effects on the weak balance between attractive and repulsive forces.
The complexity of this phenomenon is evident: protein concentration, temperature, pH, ionic strength and nature of the added salt and kinetic aspects have to be taken into account when trying to obtain good protein crystals.
The easiest way to relate easily measurable solution properties with crystallization conditions is to assimilate proteins to colloidal particles hence using their well-known models.
George and Wilson studied under-saturated lysozyme solutions in crystallization condition.
In all cases, negative values of B were obtained.
Muschol and Rosenberger extended previous studies to lysozyme solutions in conditions of over-saturation confirming that the virial coefficient, B, must be negative in order to have optimal crystallization conditions.
Both these approaches were based on the DLVO description of the intermolecular interactions.
Due to the strong absorbance at 410 nm the cytochrome C cannot be studied by light scattering as usually happens with lysozyme.
However, cytochrome C solution properties are accessible by using small angle neutron and X-ray scattering techniques (SANS, SAXS), even though the information obtained by these latter techniques cover a smaller length scale range.
Wu et al. adopted another effective approach to the problem of protein interactions.
Using this model, they extracted some protein parameters at different pD values: the hydrated diameter, the amount of hydration, the degree of H/D exchange with the solvent and the renormalized charge.
Besides, they compared the renormalized charge obtained through the fitting procedure with the charge measured by conventional titration experiments and found good agreement at intermediate pD values, i.e. at pD = 6..8.
However, at extreme pD values (i.e. 2.9 and 11.9) they obtained the renormalized charge significantly lower than the titration charge and attributed this discrepancy to the so-called charge renormalization phenomenon.
Microscopically, this can be explained as the result of a piling up of counter-ions near the protein surface, the analogue of the charge condensation phenomenon in rod-like particles such as DNA.
Thus, as far as the protein–protein interactions are concerned, counter-ions behave like a part of the protein itself.
Regardless of the charge renormalization phenomenon, the essential point of their work is that they were able to relate the results of scattering experiments to the thermodynamic properties of the protein solutions.
Horse heart cytochrome C is a globular protein consisting of 104 amino acids, 12 negatively charged (Glu, Asp) and 21 positively charged (Lys, Arg) and characterized by a pI = 10.2.
Its molecular weight is 12 384 Da and its shape in aqueous solutions is approximately spherical (a × b × b = 15 × 17 × 17 Å3).
The details of samples composition and preparation are described in the next section.
To our knowledge these are the first PE spectra of a dipeptide.
For reviews on biological molecules in the gas phase see .
Levy and co-workers were the first to perform spectroscopy of di- and tripeptides in the gas phase by using laser desorption with R2PI and mass-selective detection.
For tryptophan-containing peptides they obtained sharp spectra with distinct lines despite the many vibrational degrees of freedom and the many possible conformers.
The spectroscopy of laser-desorbed small peptides was later improved by using double resonance methods.
Neutral laser desorption and R2P ionization and laser fragmentation was also introduced as a new species selective inlet system into mass spectrometry.
Thermal evaporation of natural unprotected peptides is impossible.
Up to now only for some modified peptides in which the polar functional groups have been protected by methyl groups a thermal evaporation of intact molecules is reported.
To our knowledge up to now no investigation of cyclic peptides in the gas phase has been performed.
In these publications model systems, such as extended molecules with a chromophore and a flexible side chain, have been investigated.
Whereas for non-polar side groups sharp PE spectra are observed exclusively for polar groups sharp spectra are only expected for conformers where the interaction of the charge site and the polar group are minimized, i.e. unfolded, linear structures.
In folded structures the polar group solvates the charge strongly and structural changes upon ionization become so large that it is impossible to reach the origin of the cation ground state and obtain vibrationally resolved spectra.
Nevertheless, the IE shift together with theory may provide useful information to allow an identification of the neutral conformation.
Only in one case of an aromatic molecule with a polar side chain, both folded and unfolded conformers showed sharp vibrationally resolved spectra.
A tentative conformer identification is given on the basis of a comparison between experiment and theory.
Atomic oxygen in its lowest-energy excited electronic state, O(1D2), is an important reactive intermediate in atmospheric chemistry.
The Arrhenius parameters for k1(T) and k2(T) used in models of atmospheric chemistry are those recommended by the NASA and IUPAC panels for chemical kinetic and photochemical data evaluation.
The recommended room temperature rate coefficients are based almost entirely on experimental work carried out more than twenty years ago, and the recommended activation energies are based on a single temperature dependent study.
While the earlier experimental work was at the state-of-the-art for its time, the accuracy of reported results was somewhat limited by available technology and, as a result, uncertainties in the recommended rate coefficients are undesirably high, i.e., about 20% at 298 K and over 40% at 200 K at the 67% confidence level.
Over the years, the ability of the atmospheric field measurement community to accurately determine the concentrations of reactive free radicals has evolved to the point where detailed comparisons of field data with photochemical models is limited by the accuracy of rate coefficients for key reactions.
To disseminate this important new result to the atmospheric chemistry community as rapidly as possible, a joint communication was recently published where the results of all three groups are summarized and recommendations concerning values for k1(T) that should be used in atmospheric models are presented.
In this paper and two companion papers, each of the three individual studies is presented in detail.
What is a chemical reaction from a theoretical point of view?
One answer to this apparently simple question may be the knowledge of the associated potential energy surface (PES) and the temperature of the reaction.
However, exploration of PES is often based on the characterisation of singular points, such as minima and transition states.
Although some of these structures remain difficult to localise, in most cases, the search for these peculiar points relies on chemical intuition.
The characteristic values of chemical reactions (kinetic constant, Gibbs energy, etc.) deduced from the knowledge of these particular points are sometimes approximated.
For instance, estimation of entropy contributions depends on the harmonic approximation.
Another way to explore the PES is the molecular dynamics (MD) where the evolution of the system during time is simulated.
The standard technique was initially based on the use of classical interatomic potentials parametrised to experimental or ab initio data.
Recently, the advances in ab initio molecular dynamics have been pronounced.
Rather than using empirical interaction potentials, the electronic energy and its derivatives, the forces on nuclei, are computed by quantum mechanics.
In this way, Born–Oppenheimer (BO) molecular dynamics, as well as Car–Parrinello (CP) molecular dynamics, fall into this category.
For each nuclear configuration reached by the molecular system during the dynamics, the electronic energy and the corresponding nuclear gradients are calculated on the fly and are used to compute the next step of the dynamics.
According to this scheme, the minimisation energy procedure must be fulfilled at each step in order to obtain accurate electronic energy and gradients.
As a matter of fact, one may prefer other quantum chemical methods (MPn, hybrid DFT, etc.) in order to increase the accuracy of the potential energy surface explored during the simulation.
It is well accepted that theoretical investigations of chemical reactivity need the use of hybrid functionals in the DFT approach.
If these two arguments are taken into account, the use of atom centred basis functions appears to be a good alternative and the Gaussian type basis set is a natural choice for quantum chemists.
This type of basis set has numerous advantages.
Accordingly, our approach corresponds neither to strict CP nor to the BO method.
For MD simulation the accuracy of the gradient appears to be an important issue.
Thus, one can more easily consider the accurate treatment of chemical problems with a smaller computational cost.
In Section II, we outline the theoretical framework for the algorithm and detail some particular aspects linked to the method.
In Section III, first tests are presented considering illustrative simple examples: the dynamics of a single water molecule, the simulation of proton transfer reaction in monothiooxalic acid and the dynamics behaviour of (H2O)20 water cluster.
Here, we do not pretend to give insight into the chemical aspects of the problem but rather to test the efficiency in energy conservation by comparison with BO dynamics.
In Section IV, concluding remarks and future perspectives of development are presented.
The photoinduced charge-transfer (CT) reaction of DMABN in polar solvents has been the subject of extensive experimental and theoretical investigations.
This process is usually considered as a twisting motion of the dimethylamino (DMA) group with respect to the benzonitrile group to produce an emissive transient species called twisted intramolecular charge-transfer (TICT) state.
After finding similar behavior in many other molecules containing electron donor and acceptor groups, the rotamerism accompanying charge separation is most widely accepted.
A wide variety of model compounds have been studied to explain the motion leading to the CT state.
The so-called pretwisted compounds, such as sterically hindered ortho-methyl-derivatives of DMABN, are known to emit preferentially or only CT fluorescence in a medium polarity solvent.
The CT fluorescence is also observed in the static vapor and under supersonic jet conditions.
Since the DMA group in these compounds is already twisted in the ground-state structure, direct excitation of the CT state becomes possible.
Other derivatives of DMABN, in which the amino group is rigid with respect the twist around the Namino–Cring bond, reveal only locally excited (LE) fluorescence.
These results are considered as evidence of the TICT scenario.
On the other hand, neither the meta nor the ortho isomer of DMABN shows dual fluorescence even in strongly polar solvents.
The specific ring-substitution behavior has been ascribed to the large energy gap between the S1 and S2 states as compared to that of para-DMABN, leading to suggest a planar CT state.
Recently, we have measured S1–S0 spectra of methyl-deuterated isotopomers of DMABN (DMABN-d6 and DMABN-h3d3) in supersonic jets using resonant two-photon ionization (R2PI) spectroscopy.
The spectra of the deuterated isotopomers reveal low-frequency progression due to the torsional motion of the DMA group in the S1 state, essentially analogous to the protonated species DMABN-h6.
Analysis shows that in all isotopomers the DMA group is twisted by ≈26° with respect to the ring plane under the isolated molecular condition.
However, the DMABN-h3d3 spectrum exhibits additional bands with a less regular pattern, suggesting that the asymmetric deuteration of the DMA group induces extensive mixing of its torsional motion and other low-frequency motions in S1.
It is therefore interesting to compare the CT dynamics of the symmetric and asymmetric rotors in polar solvents.
Several examples of deuterium isotope effects on electron-transfer reactions have been reported, especially for those in the Marcus inverted region.
It has been shown that in intermolecular complexes between methyl-substituted benzene donors and cyanoanthracene acceptors, the backward electron transfer rate decreases substantially when the methyl hydrogens of the donor are deuterated.
However, no or insignificant isotope effect is observed upon ring deuteration.
An asymmetric substitution effect has been suggested for intramolecular electron transfer reactions in bianthryls.
In this case, the so-called symmetry breaking is believed to be an important step for CT.
Likewise, such symmetry reduction can be achieved upon complexation of bianthryl with other solvent molecules.
It has been shown that the 1:1 complex with acetone formed in a supersonic jet reveals a red-shifted emission assignable to the CT fluorescence.
The complex is likely to have the solvent molecule sticking to one of the anthracene moieties, undergoing symmetry breaking and charge separation.
On the other hand, no CT formation occurs for the 1:2 complex, which is explained by invoking a symmetric structure.
The critical data of the systems are in the region predicted for the model fluid of equal-sized, charged, hard spheres in a dielectric continuum, the so-called restricted primitive model (RPM).
Recently we have reported a survey on the location of the liquid–liquid phase transition in binary solutions of room temperature ionic liquids (RTIL) in water and in a series of alcohols.
The RTILs considered contain a 1-methyl-3-alkylimidazolium cation (Cnmim+, n = 4, 6, 8) and the PF6− or BF4− anion.
A first detailed investigation of critical properties of such systems concerned the viscosity in binary mixtures of the RTIL C6mim+BF4− with 1-pentanol.
Ising criticality with crossover to regular behaviour was observed in accordance with viscosity measurements on other solutions of low melting salts.
Reactions have been proposed that, taking advantage of phase transitions, enable elegant separation of products, catalyst and solvent by small changes of temperature or composition.
We recall that Ising criticality, generally observed in fluid phase transitions, requires short-range r−n interactions with n > 4.97 (ref. 17,18) as driving potential.
Different critical behaviour is expected when long-range interactions drive the phase transition.
Mean field criticality of the van der Waals (vdW) type was conjectured in the case of Coulomb forces.
First measurements of the coexistence curve and of the turbidity of the solution of triethylhexyl ammonium triethylhexyl ammonium borate (N2226+B2226−) in biphenyl ether yielded indeed vdW mean field criticality, which stimulated theoretical and experimental work.
However, later experiments on this system, using samples that were tempered for some days before the measurement, did not confirm the observations of mean field criticality but reported Ising behaviour.
Measurements on other Coulomb systems, e.g. solutions of tetrabutyl ammonium picrate (N4444Pic) or ethyl ammonium nitrate (EAN) in higher alcohols also yielded Ising exponents for all properties.
With the exception of the work refs. 22 and 23 all experiments and most simulations indicate that phase transitions driven by Coulomb interactions also belong to the Ising universality class.
Nevertheless, this matter is still under discussion.
The salts investigated have a rather low melting point if compared to typical inorganic salts.
The critical temperatures Tc of the solutions are near room temperature.
Thus, mK-accuracy can be achieved easily.
For a review, see .refs. 36–38
However, all experiments remain suspect, because of the limited chemical stability of the organic salts.
The so-called Pitzer salt N2226+B2226− is a notoriously unstable compound.
Consequently; rather different figures for Tc have been reported.
Instability of Tc during the measurements may also cause erroneous conclusions.
The solutions of the picrates (NR4+Pic−) also cannot expected to be perfectly stable, because, after all, the picrates are explosives.
The EAN–octanol solution decomposes already 20 K above the consolute temperature.
Corresponding states analysis of the location of the consolute point enables to distinguish phase transition that are driven by Coulomb interactions from those determined by solvophobic interactions.
We have carried out such an analysis of the location of the consolute point based on a survey of more than 200 mixtures of RTILs.
The reduced variables are defined by the restricted primitive model (RPM), a model fluid of equal sized, charged, hard spheres in a dielectric continuum.
Phase transitions with reduced critical data near the RPM figures are termed Coulombic, because the phase transitions are expected to be driven by Coulomb forces.
The energy scale defining the reduced temperature T* is set by the Coulomb energy of the charges q± at the contact separation σ in a continuum with the dielectric constant ε.
The reduced density is defined by the total number density of the ions ρ = (N+ + N−)/V and the volume σ3.
Monte Carlo simulations, which are accompanied by finite-size scaling techniques, yield the critical point of the RPM at Tc* = 0.049, ρc* = 0..08.
Binary solutions of organic salts in solvents of small ε, e.g. in higher alcohols have their consolute point in that region.
In water, where the phase transition is driven by hydrophobic interactions, which are short-range, the reduced critical data (Tc* = 0.6 and ρc* =0.1) become much larger, which is in the region typical for phase transitions driven by solvophobic interactions.
Similar values apply for phase transitions of non-ionic systems, where vdW forces set the energy scale.
The remarkable result in ref. 1 was a nearly linear relation between Tc* and ε of the solvents.
Including water and higher alcohols, this observation suggests a continuous change from Coulomb phase transitions to such driven by solvophobic interactions with ε as the determining parameter.
To start with, the thermodynamic limit does not exist in systems with particles interacting by r−1 Coulomb forces.
The thermodynamic limit exists only for r−n potentials with n > .3.
However, in ionic systems, long-range Coulomb interactions become effectively short-range because of shielding due to Debye–Hückel charge ordering, so that the thermodynamic limit exists.
Monte Carlo simulations of the RPM yield Ising critical exponents or, at least, are consistent with Ising values.
Ising critical behaviour is also obtained for the general primitive model, where both, size and charges of the ions may be different.
Charge-induced dipole interactions and the so-called charge cavity interactions that vary as r−4 are present.
However, Debye–Hückel charge ordering can be expected to shield all electrostatic interactions, so that all long-range interactions, e.g. the mentioned charge-induced dipole interactions may become effectively short range.
Therefore, the conservative expectation is: Ising criticality with crossover to vdW mean field behaviour at larger separation from the critical point.
The crossover is determined by the Ginzburg temperature.
Theory predicts a Ginzburg temperature for Coulomb phase transitions, which is large if compared to non-ionic systems and therefore implies a non-classical Ising region that is even larger than in non-ionic systems.
In variance to this prediction, experiments indicate a crossover to vdW mean field criticality in a smaller temperature region above the critical temperature than in normal non-ionic systems.
A tricritical point arises, when a line of second order transitions cuts the coexistence curve at the critical consolute point.
Even if this condition is not exactly met, the coupling of the two fluctuations is expected to change critical properties, e.g. the shape of the coexistence curve.
In ionic fluids, order transitions between an insulating and a conducting state or between a uniform fluid and a charge ordered state might be thought of.
Several studies which deal with electrodes modified with microdroplets of water-immiscible compounds have been reported and we refer the reader to a review article recently published in this journal for a more thorough description of the techniques used and the results obtained by different authors.
Based on the seminal work of Marken et al. our group has, in the past six years, investigated the voltammetric processes of random arrays of unsupported electroactive microdroplets which are deposited on the surface of a basal plane pyrolytic graphite electrode (bppg) via solvent evaporation of a solution of the electroactive oil.
This approach has provided a simple methodology to interrogate the electrochemistry at the liquid|liquid interface of several compounds that cannot be studied homogeneously in aqueous media due to their low solubility.
Initial work was mainly focused on organic hydrophobic oils containing a phenylenediamine backbone although recently the biphasic redox chemistry of n-butylferrocene, 4-nitrophenylnonylether, vitamin K1 and vitamin E in the form of microdroplets has also been explored.
When the transfer of the aqueous-based counterion from aqueous solutions into the oil droplet is thermodynamically more favourable than the transfer of the electrogenerated ion into the aqueous phase, electrochemically induced ion insertion leading to the formation of a novel ionic liquid was shown to occur at the triple phase boundary of electrode|oil|aqueous electrolyte.
However, when the transfer of the aqueous based counterion into the organic deposit is energetically unfavourable, expulsion of the electrogenerated charge species into the adjacent aqueous phase was observed.
Dissolution processes of this sort have shown to take place at the liquid|liquid interface.
Finally, reactive chemistry between the electrogenerated and the inserted ions was also shown to occur on some occasions.
The research presented in this paper falls into two section.
Photosynthetic water oxidation produces molecular oxygen in photosystem II (PSII) of green plants and cyanobacteria.
Absorption of light in PSII antenna and reaction center (RC) of PSII induces charge separation between molecules of excited chlorophylls (P680) and pheophytin (free-base chlorophyll), with subsequent electron transfer steps to the first quinone acceptor QA.
The electron vacancy arising in P680+ is filled up by an electron donated ultimately by a water molecule (the terminal reductant of PSII).
Substrate water is bound to an enzymatic water-oxidizing complex (WOC) comprised of Mn4Ca1Clx, redox-active tyrosine (Yz) and possibly bicarbonate.
The WOC serves the purpose of a redox catalyst (electron/proton reservoir) to deliver electrons one at a time to P680+ until four electron vacancies are accumulated resulting in oxidation of two H2O molecules to O2.
It is known that bicarbonate (HCO3−) ions are needed for maximum activity of PSII (for recent reviews, see refs. 3–6 and references therein).
The stimulating effect of HCO3− on PSII was primarily ascribed to the processes taking place on the donor side of PSII and a model including bicarbonate as a mediator for photosynthetic water oxidation has been given which, however, was in contradiction with the results of isotopic experiments.
In addition, strong evidence is known for the action of bicarbonate on the electron acceptor side of PSII, where it promotes efficient re-oxidation of QA−.
This role was supported by a number of compelling data, including evidence for binding of bicarbonate directly to the non-heme Fe located between QA and QB where it accelerates electron transfer between the quinones and may also serve as proton donor to the reduced QB.
Further, Xiong et al. have suggested involvement of R-257 on D-1 protein in bicarbonate/formate binding through their site-directed mutagenesis studies.
These studies have led to a widely accepted model (for review, see ref. 4).
Recent data have shown a role for bicarbonate on the donor side, with specific evidence indicating a function in assembling the inorganic cofactors within apo-WOC (WOC-depleted of Mn, Ca and Cl cofactors), but also for sustaining oxygen-evolution activity.
It was shown that after removal of all four manganese ions from subchloroplast PSII preparations, an effective reactivation of electron transfer and oxygen evolution was observed only if a nearly stoichiometric amount of MnII (2–4 atoms of MnII per PSII reaction center) was added together with bicarbonate.
Bicarbonate also specifically restores electron transport on the donor side of PSII containing Mn-sufficient, intact, WOC that has been modified with formate or by removal of bicarbonate from the medium.
From comparison of the light-induced FT-IR spectra originating from the donor side of O2-evolving PS II and measured in the presence of (12C)NaHCO3 or (13C) NaHCO3 with the FT-IR spectrum ascribed to the S1/S2 – transition it has been postulated that bicarbonate acts as a bridging ligand between the redox-active Mn and Ca2+ within the WOC.
It has been shown that formate modifies the S1-state of the WOC by reduction to the S0-state.
All these facts suggest that HCO3− ion not only involved in the PS II acceptor side, but is also a necessary component for optimal functioning of the WOC.
Although it is chemically reasonable and consistent with available data to suggest that bicarbonate binds as a ligand to either Mn or Ca, we do not yet know where HCO3− binds within the WOC, nor how it functions.
Recent X-ray diffraction data at 3.5 Å resolution of a PSII complex isolated from a cyanobacterium have postulated suitable binding sites for (bi)carbonate on both the acceptor and donor sides of PSII.
The authors have suggested (in accordance with an earlier assumption) that on the donor side (bi)carbonate binds to the high affinity Mn site and also to Ca based on the absence of sufficient protein ligands, though they have no direct support of this.
It was shown in a previous work that upon addition of NaHCO3 to an aqueous solution of MnII the potential for oxidation of MnII to MnIII was shifted from 1.19 to 0.63 V at fixed pH 8.3 as a result of formation of (bi)carbonate complexes.
However, there is contradictory information in the literature about the chemical composition of Mn-bicarbonate complexes in solution.
Lesht and Bauman reported a stability constant for [MnII(HCO3−)]+ (K1 = 18.6 at 298 K) using a thermodynamic method.
Smith and Martel summarized literature data for K1 equal to 63 and 2.8 at ionic strengths of solutions equal to 3.0 and 0.0 (298 K), respectively.
Sychev and co-workers summarized the prior literature and proposed successive formation of [MnII(HCO3−)]+ and MnII(HCO3−)2 complexes and reported their stability constants (K1 = 11 and K2 = 3.7) using an indirect assay method based solely on the HCO3− concentration dependence of the rate of Mn-dependent dismutation of exogenous hydrogen peroxide (at pH 7.0).
Using the same assay method, Stadtman et al. confirmed that HCO3− is required for catalytic dismutation of H2O2 by MnII and showed that three equivalents of HCO3− are required to create the catalyst that is active in the dismutation reaction that forms O2 and water.
The values of the stability constants for the bicarbonate complexes with MnIII and MnIV and their composition are not known, presumably owing to their instability.
Photosystem 2 (PS2) is part of the thylakoid membrane of chloroplasts and cyanobacteria and performs one of the key reactions on our planet: the light-driven oxidation of water.
It consists of more than 20 polypeptides, most of them with no function identified yet.
Especially, the role of the numerous small membrane spanning peptides is still unclear.
The primary electron transfer reaction occurs at the heterodimeric core of PS2 formed by the subunits D1 and D2, which bind most of the redox active cofactors.
Water oxidation to molecular oxygen is catalysed via the sequence of four one-electron oxidation steps (S-states) by the manganese containing water-oxidising complex (WOC).
Recent advances in X-ray structure analysis of PS2 crystals provide a detailed view of the structure and organisation of the WOC.
At the lumen side of PS2, the WOC is shielded by several extrinsic proteins.
Therefore, it is often referred to as manganese stabilizing protein (MSP).
However, it is obvious from the recently published PS2 X-ray structure that the PsbO subunit is not directly involved in binding of manganese as part of the WOC.
Several lines of experiments using different kinds of spectroscopic techniques or biochemical and theoretical analyses have made suggestions about the PsbO structure and its behaviour free in solution.
It was concluded from Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy and circular dichroism (CD) spectroscopy that the PsbO subunit in solution consists of a high content of β-sheet (30%) and random/loop structure (60%) whereas α-helical parts are only present in small amounts (10%).
These results were consistent with secondary structure prediction methods and folding models of the 33 kDa protein.
Some authors suggested an unusual folding behaviour for PsbO in solution and therefore postulated an ‘intrinsically disordered’, ‘natively unfolded’ or ‘molten globule’ protein structure.
Experiments with focus on the dynamic properties of the PsbO subunit led to the observation of pH-dependent and cofactor-induced structural changes in solution.
Recently, it was reported that reconstitution of the PS2-complex with PsbO is accompanied by changes of its secondary structure.
Indeed, there are hints for structural changes of the bound PsbO subunit depending on the oxidation state of the manganese cluster.
Indigo is one of the natural dyestuffs utilized by human beings from the dawn of civilization.
The description “indigo” can refer either to the blue dyestuff obtained from several species of plants, or to the chemical compound accountable for the color.
In this report, it represents the latter.
The Nobel Prize in 1905 was awarded to a German research chemist, A. von Baeyer, for the synthesis and the structural formulation of indigo.
Influenced by this success, search for artificial indigo derivative with superior chemical properties took place and the first artificial derivative, thioindigo, was synthesized in .1906.
However, for indigo (X = NH) itself, photo-isomerization and/or the cis-form have never been observed.
On the basis of the peculiar molecular structure enabling intramolecular hydrogen(H)-bonds between the two adjacent pairs of carbonyl and NH groups, two possibilities were considered as the origin of the absence of photo-isomerization; (1) double intramolecular H-bonds “lock” the molecular structure in planer trans-form, or (2) intramolecular proton-transfer from the NH group to the carbonyl group occurs on the excited state prior to the isomerization, which leads back to the trans-configuration in the ground state.
For highly fluorescent thioindigo, it is generally accepted that trans → cis isomerization takes place through triplet intermediate.
It was concluded that the planar trans configuration is in thermal equilibrium with the twisted configuration in the T1 state.
T1 state is also considered to be the intermediate in the case of N,N′-dimethylindigo.
Intersystem crossing is usually a slow process which can be inhibited by a faster reaction channel.
Elsaesser and coworkers have carried out time-resolved picosecond fluorescence and IR spectroscopy of 4,4′,7,7′-tetramethylindigo, a indigo derivative that can form intramolecular H-bonds.
They concluded that proton transfer does not occur in the first excited electronic state from the following experimental results, (a) their time-resolved IR spectra revealed that the NH stretching in the S1 state was shifted to lower frequency only by 40 cm−1 compared to the ground state, (b) no evidence of a transient OH band was found around 3200 cm−1 in the excited molecule, (c) the CO stretching mode at 1640 cm−1 remained virtually unchanged upon photo-excitation and (d) the steady state fluorescence spectrum was Stokes shifted only by 900 cm−1 which was rather too small for a fluorescence form a proton transferred tautamor which can be as large as ∼10 000 cm−1.
Although, there are many reports on excited state intramolecular proton transfer (ESIPT) taking place from phenolic –OH group to the H-bonded adjacent –N group, i.e., 2-(2′-hydroxy-5′-methylphenyl)benzotriazole, 2-(2′-hydroxyphenyl)benzothiazole, and 10-hydroxybenzo[h]quinoline, we could not find any report on ESIPT from NH group to CO group.
Intramolecular H-bond forming 5- or 6-membered ring is considered to be strong, because of the good overlap of the molecular orbitals.
However, addition of alcohols to the solution of photochromic indigo dyes is known to quench the fluorescence and diminish the isomerization.
It was concluded that intermolecular H-bond opens a rapid nonradiative deactivation channel to the trans-formed ground state by transferring the energy to the solvent bath through the H-bond.
In the case of indigo, which is only weakly fluorescent, intramolecular H-bonds are suggested to provide a channel for the rapid radiationless deactivation.
For 4,4′,7,7′-tetramethylindigo in chloroform, the fluorescence lifetime was only 30 ps and the overtones of the NH stretching mode and the out-of-plane deformation mode were considered to be the decay channels for the rapid internal conversion.
Another H-bonded system that exhibits rapid nonradiative decay without formation of any detectable intermediate is the intermolecular H-bonded 1-pyrenol-pyridine system.
It was concluded that, immediately after the electron-transfer form 1-pyrenol to pyridine, a large scale and ultrafast proton shift takes place which induces an ultrafast nonradiative crossing to the ground state.
Hydrogen-bonding is one of the most important topics in chemistry and in molecular biology.
H-bonds in the excited state are known to mediate not only proton transfer but also electron transfer.
It is needless to say that H-bonds determine the structure and dynamics of protic liquids like water as well as of biopolymers like protein and DNA.
InC is a trans-indigo derivative which can form intramolecular double H-bonds as shown in Scheme 1(b).
We have chosen this molecule because of its high solubility in protic solvents compared to indigo.
It is also reported that InC forms solute/solvent complexes with methanol and water because of its solvent dependence of the absorption and emission spectrum.
Sialic acids are a family of carbohydrates ubiquitous throughout the animal kingdom that are structurally defined as 9-membered carbon chains with an α-keto acid head group.
Structural features of naH6 include a tert-2-hydroxycarboxylate ‘head’ group, which is deprotonated at physiological pH (pKa ∼ 2.6), and a glycerol ‘tail’.
The 2′-OH α-glycoside link from naH6 to the penultimate glycoconjugate residue orients the glycerol tail towards the extracellular milieu inviting interactions with biometals.
Noteworthy differences between the binary oxoCr(v)–naH6 and ternary Ca(ii)–oxoCr(v)–naH6 systems are as follows.
The stoichiometry of the ternary Ca(ii)–oxoCr(v)–naH6 complexes (2 : 1 : 2) is based upon the known Ca(ii) : naH6 stoichiometry (1 : 1) determined from NMR experiments (even where [Ca(ii)] > [naH6]), and from studies of oxoCr(v)–bioligand systems that show the preferential formation of bis-chelate species (relative to mono-chelate species) where [ligand] : [Cr(v)] ≥ 2..5.
These environments evidently increase the extent of orbital overlap between the second coordination sphere protons and the dxy oxoCr(v) orbital, as measured by the increased 1H aiso values of the Ca(ii)–oxoCr(v)–naH6 complexes, relative to the binary oxoCr(v)–naH6 analogues.
This is an elegant illustration of the use of EPR spectroscopy in studying competitive metal–carbohydrate binding (termed here ‘metalloglycomics’) that may have wide ranging implications in understanding transition metal–bioligand speciation in Ca(ii)-rich (and/or Mg(ii)) matrices that model the biological milieu.
The author acknowledges a Sesqui New Staff Support grant and access to the EPR spectroscopy facility at the University of Sydney.
Some papers have reported on miniaturization of ELISA or immunosorbent assay systems, in which antigen and antibodies are fixed on a solid surface in a microchip.
Moreover, we applied this system to a clinical diagnosis system, which is based on a determination of a major tumor marker for colon cancer known as human carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA).
In addition, we succeeded in doing a simultaneous assay of multiple samples with a microchip which had branching parallel multichannels.
The high sensitivity of our microchip-based immunoassay system was attributable to the combination of a good labeling material, i.e. colloidal gold nanoparticles, and an ultra high sensitive detector, a thermal lens microscope (TLM).
Whereas, the reaction time required for the antigen-antibody reaction was sharply cut by microchip integration, reduction of the total assay time was limited because of the troublesome detection procedures.
Calculated infrared spectra for the minima are presented to aid in assigning spectra from future experimental studies.
Much progress has been made in recent years towards understanding the interactions between ions and solvent molecules.
Advances have been made in both experimental and theoretical methodologies.
On the experimental front, photoelectron, infrared, and microwave spectroscopy of gas phase ion complexes and clusters have furnished qualitative, or in some cases quantitative, structural information.Ab initio calculations of ion–solvent complexes have proved useful in rationalising experimental observations, and in guiding future experiments.
Due to its obvious importance, the solvation of ions (particularly halide anions) by water has received much attention.
Both experiment and theory concur that the structures adopted by halide–water clusters depend on the balance of ion–solvent and solvent–solvent interactions.
For example, in the fluoride–water clusters the anion–solvent binding forces dominate, resulting in the anion being situated in the interior of the structure.
For clusters involving the larger halides, the solvent–solvent attractive interactions play a more significant role in determining the cluster structure, the result being solvent–solvent bonds and asymmetric structures where the anion binds to the surface of the solvent network.
Experimental evidence, provided by IR spectra of Johnson and co-workers, was the absence of bands in the spectra due to free or non-bonded O–H oscillators, and the introduction of ring modes similar to those seen for the neutral water trimer.
For a recent review on investigations of halide ion hydration, see .ref. 38
The halide–ammonia clusters have received relatively little attention compared to the analogous halide–water species.
Selected complexes have been probed via high pressure mass spectrometry, photoelectron spectroscopy vibrational predissociation spectroscopy, and time resolved photoelectron spectroscopy.
Castleman and co-workers performed high pressure mass spectrometry experiments on the chloride, bromide, and iodide–ammonia complexes and reported enthalpy changes for the association reactions of −8.2, −7.7, and −7.4 kcal mol−1, respectively.
The association reaction enthalpy change for the F−–NH3 complex was estimated to be −11 kcal mol−1 from comparison of extrapolated and calculated values.
Kaldor and co-workers applied photoelectron spectroscopy to the chloride–ammonia complex, and complemented this work with ab initio calculations at the CCSD level with a truncated ANO basis set for chloride and fluoride–ammonia.
A binding energy of 0.36 eV (8.3 kcal mol−1) was reported for the chloride–ammonia complex in very good agreement with the work of Castleman and co-workers.
The complexes were predicted to have a Cs structure featuring a single hydrogen bond between the anion and ammonia.
Bieske and co-workers investigated the chloride–ammonia complex via vibrational predissociation spectroscopy.
The infrared spectrum and supporting ab initio calculations at the MP2/aug-cc-pVTZ level of theory were consistent with the structure predicted by Kaldor.
Three other stationary points were predicted; the Cs and C2v transition states, and the C3v second order stationary point.
The transition states correspond to tunnelling motion of the ammonia molecule between equivalent Cs minima.
The barrier to ‘turnstile’ tunnelling of the ammonia (via the Cs bifurcated transition state) was predicted to be 1.72 kcal mol−1, while the barrier to umbrella inversion of the ammonia molecule (via the planar C2v transition state) was estimated as 5.23 kcal mol−1.
Neumark and co-workers applied time resolved photoelectron spectroscopy to I−–(NH3)n clusters (n = 4–15).
They investigated the dynamics associated with the excitation of the charge-transfer-to-solvent (CTTS) precursor states.
The spectra implied that electron solvation, via solvent rearrangement, occurs on a timescale of 0.5–2 ps following photoexcitation.
It has been shown that the MP2/aug-cc-pVxZ (x = D, T) calculations are good choices for describing the halide–water systems.
Furthermore, the same methodology has been used for the ammonia dimer, adequately describing the ammonia–ammonia hydrogen bond.
Electronic transitions are inhomogeneously broadened in condensed phases due to the variation of local fields.
This broadening obscures valuable spectroscopic information at low temperatures.
Laser techniques facilitate investigations of subtle details of the electronic structure of molecules or molecular ions.
Non-photochemical spectral hole-burning is a general phenomenon in amorphous systems.
It is based on some rearrangement of host–guest interactions upon photoexcitation, resulting in a slight shift of the transition frequency of the laser-selected subset of chromophores.
Recently, metal complexes of the 2,2′:6′,2″-terpyridine ligand (abbreviated as terpy in the following) and its derivatives have obtained a great deal of attention.
The [Cr(terpy)2]3+ complex displays a very strong nephelauxetic effect in comparison with very similar systems such as [Cr(bpy)3]3+ (bpy = 2,2′-bipyridine).
This follows from the 760 cm−1 shift of the R lines from ≈729 nm for [Cr(bpy)3]3+ to 772 nm for [Cr(terpy)2]3+.
The latter complex assumes a distorted meridional geometry, resulting in interligand pockets which facilitate a solvation of the chromium(iii) ion.
Efficient non-photochemical hole-burning processes can be expected due to the interaction of the solvent molecules with the terpy ligands.
Most studies to date have been performed at long echo times, at which signal generally remains from only three main metabolites: N-acetyl aspartate (NAA), which is thought to be a marker of neuronal numbers and function; the sum of creatine and phospho-creatine (Cr), which are central to energy homeostasis; and choline-containing compounds (Cho), which probably are largely related to membrane function.
N-acetyl aspartyl glutamate (NAAG) – a putative neurotransmitter – may be detected, in white matter in particular, although it is difficult to resolve from NAA.
If present at sufficient concentration in the brain (usually only in pathological states), then lactate (Lac) is also visible at long echo times.
At short echo times, signal is detectable from several additional metabolites of interest: myo-inositol (Ins), a possible marker of glial cell number and function; glutamate (Glu), a key amino acid neurotransmitter; and glutamine (Gln), a closely related amino acid also linked to neurotransmitter metabolism.
Elevations in the combined signal of glutamate and glutamine (Glx) have been shown in some patients with epilepsy, and may be an indication of increased cortical excitability.
This is potentially of interest not only in understanding the pathophysiology of epilepsy but also in suggesting suitable drug therapies and in monitoring patient progress.
At 1.5 T, complete spectral resolution of glutamate and glutamine signals is impossible, so spectral modelling is needed.
Macromolecules are relatively immobile, and therefore their protons have much shorter T1 (approximately 200 ms at 1.5 T ) than those of small metabolites (between 1 and 1.5 s at 1.5 T ).
The preference for ligands is discussed on the basis of detailed simulation results.
In general, comparison between experiments and theories is not always straightforward because most of the experimental methods for structural analysis have to be performed with solutions of relatively high concentrations, while the theoretical approaches mostly refer to very dilute solutions.
During the past decades, numerous MC and MD simulations have been carried out to evaluate hydration structures, hydration energies, mobilities, librational and vibrational spectra and other properties.
However, most of the simulation works had relied on classical molecular mechanical potentials, and hence, deviation of the results from experiments was often found, strongly depending on the type and quality of the potential models employed in the simulations.
To provide a realistic view of the solvated ion properties, it has been shown that the model interaction potential must include polarizability and many-body nonadditive contributions.
For the second model, construction of many-body potentials is rather difficult, and is hardly feasible for large molecular systems because of their complicated orientation dependence.
The QM/MM results have clearly shown the important role of non-additive contributions and that inclusion of higher-order interaction terms is essential for the correct description of the solvated ions, even for monovalent ions in which many-body interactions could be expected to be weaker than in the case of di- and trivalent ions.
In comparison to the results obtained by classical pair potential simulations, the QM/MM simulations have indicated that the pairwise additive potentials, which lack suitable parameterization, are obviously insufficient for the description of the structural properties of solvated ions in such a solvent mixture.
The solvation structure of K+ in water and in ammonia has been studied by X-ray and neutron diffraction experiments as well as by theoretical investigations.
Experiments reported hydration numbers of K+ in the range 4–7, while a coordination number of 6 was found in ammonia.
In addition, the experiments have shown that K+ acts as “structure-breaking” ion, i.e., the presence of this ion in the solvent can be regarded rather as a perturbation of the solvent network structures.
Our previous QM/MM simulation has shown that the structure-breaking behavior of this ion is only reproduced, if the first hydration shell is treated quantum mechanically.
Since the discovery of C60 in 1985, numerous papers have been published on the investigation of polyhedral molecules, such as fullerenes and polyhedral hydrocarbons.
Each of these molecules has only one cage, for example C60 and dodecahedrane.
As is known, every carbon atom can form four bonds with other atoms.
Since each of the carbon atoms at the cage surface of the polyhedral molecule only forms three bonds with other carbon atoms at the cage surface, it may form another bond with other atom.
When two cages share a same polygon, a coplanar double-cage molecule can form.
This is similar to two benzene rings sharing one CC bond to form a naphthalene molecule.
However, until now, only a few coplanar poly-cage molecules have been reported.
It has been stated that “the dodecahedrane geometry is exquisite in its perfection”.
The two landmark syntheses of dodecahedrane, by Paquette and by Prinzbach and Weber, were of great interest.
Owing to its unusual structure, dodecahedrane has also provided theorists with a severe test case for the calculation of geometry and properties.
When two dodecahedrane cages share a same pentagon, a coplanar double-cage dodecahedrane molecule C35H30 can form.
In this case, every carbon atom at the shared polygon forms four bonds with other carbon atoms.
“Metallophilic” interactions-the attractions between formally closed shell metal ions in compounds, archetypally a pair of Au(i) cations-are well established.
Pyykkö's calculations were extremely revealing.
At the HF level the monomer interaction energy curves are repulsive; an aurophilic attraction only manifests itself when electron correlation is introduced at the MP2 level.
It was therefore concluded that aurophilicity is due to electron correlation (or, put another way, van der Waals or dispersion forces), and also that the attraction is strengthened by relativistic effects.
The latter issue was revisited by Pyykkö in 1997, when it was concluded that relativistic effects are important but not dominant.
For example, a 27% increase in the interaction energy of two Cl–Au–PH3 monomers was found on going from a non-relativistic to a relativistic Au pseudopotential using monomer geometries optimised at the relativistic level.
If non-relativistic monomer geometries are used, the use of a relativistic pseudopotential in the interaction energy calculation produces only a 15% relativistic energy enhancement.
The target systems were once again dimers of the form [X–M–PH3]2, where X = H, Cl and M = Cu, Ag and Au.
The LMP2 method has three advantages over more traditional MP2 implementations.
Magnko et al. confirmed what Pyykkö et al. had discovered previously, that the strength of the metallophilic interaction in [Cl–M–PH3]2 (M = Cu, Ag, Au) increases as the metal becomes heavier, by approximately 50% from Cu (ca. 22 kJ mol–1) to Au.
The LMP2 analysis revealed that the interaction between the monomers has several components, and that the relative magnitude of these changes quite significantly as group 11 is descended.
Electron correlation is not purely attractive; intramolecular correlation contributions (double excitations localized on one monomer) are repulsive, ca. 30–50% of the total LMP2 interaction energy.
Furthermore, the attractive intermolecular correlation contributions arise from both van der Waals and ionic excitations, with the latter being 60–100% of the former at reqm.
Perhaps most interestingly, the attractive part of the correlation does not arise solely from M(d10)–M(d10) interactions.
Pure Au(5d)–Au(5d) pair correlation amounts to no more than 35% of the total LMP2 attraction in [Cl–Au–PH3]2, and this decreases to only 13% in the analogous Cu compound.
Pair correlations involving only one or neither M(d10) centre make up the bulk of the attractive part of the correlation; for Cu, pair correlations involving neither Cu(3d10) centre are the leading term.
In 2001, they focused on cuprophilicity in [Me–Cu–X]2, where X is a range of σ and π (donor or acceptor) ligands.
They concluded that cuprophilicity is very sensitive to the choice of basis set, and that relativistic effects are important, even for Cu, for the accurate calculation of geometries and interaction energies.
As before, the Cu–Cu interaction curves were found to be repulsive at the HF level but attractive at MP2, the attraction being sensitive to the nature of X (σ donor/π acceptor ligands favour cuprophilicity).
In general, cuprophilic interactions were found to be weak; attractive by only up to 12 kJ mol–1.
It is clear that metallophilicity in group 11 has been extensively investigated over the past decade, and important progress has been made.
The first results of this investigation are reported here.
Angular momentum polarisation of both atomic and molecular photofragments is a direct consequence of the nature of the potential energy surface upon which the bond cleavage occurs, and experimental studies of photodissociation have increasingly focused on measuring the distributions of photofragment angular momentum vectors J relative to other vector quantities such as the fragment relative velocity and the parent transition moment.
These distributions of angular momentum are characterised by a set of moments, βKQ(k1k2), averaged over the photofragment ensemble, and can be divided into two classes, namely those corresponding to the alignment and to the orientation of J (those of even and odd rank k2 respectively).
An example is in the moment β00(22) which relates the products' velocity v and angular momentum J and is equal to the expectation value of the second order Legendre polynomial, 〈P2(cosα)〉, where α is the angle between the vectors.
For example, they may inform us that a molecular photofragment is rotating in the xz-plane with its velocity related to that plane, say in the positive x direction, but we cannot tell if the angular momentum vector is pointing in the positive or negative y direction: we can measure alignment but not orientation.
Such experiments on the orientation of molecular fragments are far less numerous than their alignment counterparts, yet the information they yield is essential for a full understanding of the state or states involved in the photodissociation.
The redox properties of ceria–zirconia mixed oxides (CZMOs) have been extensively investigated due to their use in automotive three-way catalysts (TWCs), in which CZMOs are included as the oxygen storage component.
The Ce1–xZrxO2 phase diagram may be summarised as follows: for x ≤ 0.15 a cubic, fluorite-type phase is formed, while for x ≥ 0.85, a monoclinic phase is present.
At intermediate compositions, various phases (t, t′, t″, κ and t*) have been identified.
Oxygen deficient structures, such as the pyrochlore structure (A2B2X7), may also be formed.
This is an ordered defect structure, related to that of fluorite, with ⅛ of the anions missing.
In practice, pyrochlores are often not stoichiometric and are more correctly represented as A2B2X7+y.
For CZMOs, they are generally reported to form under severe reducing conditions.
It is known that the temperature at which CZMOs release oxygen under reducing conditions may be decreased or increased upon application of SR/MO or SO treatment regimes.
The latter is an established TPR phenomenon.
The intensity of such peaks strongly depends on factors such as temperature and environment, so great care must be taken when comparing spectra for structural analysis.
The metastable nature of CZMOs with intermediate compositions has created difficulty in establishing certainties about the structure of such materials; which has generally complicated structural analysis of TPR behaviour.
Despite this, the observation of promoted TPR profiles has recently been linked to a newly reported κ phase, formed by oxidation (873 K) of Ce0.5Zr0.5O2 with the pyrochlore structure and destroyed by high temperature oxidation (1323 or 1423 K) to yield another new phase (t*).
The pyrochlore was initially formed by high temperature reduction of a t′ phase.
The kinetics of the pyrochlore formation at high temperature has not been carefully studied.
Such a process would be difficult to observe given the detection limits of the techniques employed here.
In addition, the existence of antiphase domain boundaries may further weaken the XRD peaks due to the κ phase.
Further studies are in progress in order to ascertain these aspects.
The quantitative results should not be taken at face value, since the model is crude.
The dispersion forces between two objects can be expressed in terms of the electromagnetic normal modes of the system.
These forces are van der Waals forces at intermediate separation and Casimir forces at large separations.
We know how the forces behave at zero and finite temperatures but we do not fully understand the behavior in non-equilibrium situations.
It is a well-known fact that gradients of optical fields can produce forces on microscopic dielectric objects.
This effect is utilized in so-called optical tweezers.
Optical binding between two dielectric objects in the presence of a strong optical field was discussed and demonstrated by Burns et al.
Other related studies have been performed investigating the van der Waals force involving excited state atoms.
The work by Burns et al. is an example of virtual excitations of the normal modes; the other studies involve real electronic excitations within one of the two interacting objects, not excitations of the normal modes.
Thus the present work complements the previous studies.
The outline of the article is the following.
Section VII is a summary and conclusion section.
Oxygenated hydrocarbons, such as the ketones being subject of the present study, are either emitted from biogenic and anthropogenic sources or formed as intermediates in the oxidation of atmospheric pollutants.
Because of their high solubility, the mentioned gas phase species can be taken up at the surfaces of liquid tropospheric particles, such as cloud droplets or deliquescent aerosol particles.
Here H is the Henry's law coefficient and Dl is the diffusion coefficient in the liquid phase.
For convenience H is given here in the frequently used units of mol l−1 atm−1.
A number of determinations of the Henry's law coefficient of acetone and 2-butanone are reported in literature.
The H-values at 293 K range from 35 to 45 mol l−1 atm−1 (= 0.34–0.45 mol N−1 m−1) for acetone and from 25 to 27 mol l−1 atm−1 (= 0.25–0.27 mol N−1 m−1) for 2-butanone.
For 2,3-butanone only one H-value for 293 K is reported.
Betterton states 105 mol l−1 atm−1 (= 1.0 mol N−1 m−1).
His result for 298 K is about 30% higher than H = 58 mol l−1 atm−1 (= 0.57 mol N−1 m−1) given by Snider and Dawson.
The only determination for the Henry's law coefficient of 2-oxopropanal yields H = 5.42 × 103 mol l−1 atm−1 (= 53 mol N−1 m−1) at 293 K which is very high compared to the other species.
There is only one single determination of the mass accommodation coefficient for acetone with αacetone = 5.4 × 10−3 at T = 293 K.
For 2-butanone, 2,3-butanedione and 2-oxopropanal no experimental data for α are available.
In a recent publication by Ervens et al. a method for the estimation of unknown mass accommodation coefficients was proposed.
According to this, αestacetone = 3.9 × 10−3, αest2-butanone = 2.1 × 10−3, αest2,3-butanedione = 3.5 × 10−3 and αest2-oxopropanal = 2.9 × 10−3 are estimated for T = 293 K.
The investigation of new amphiphilic fluorescent molecules has gained attention due to their interesting electric and optical properties.
Like other styryl dyes, Di-8-ANEPPS molecules exhibit a strong tendency to aggregate in monolayer and in multilayer systems.
Moreover, these dye molecules are known to respond to changes in the surrounding medium by modifying their electronic properties.
Excited-state processes at conical intersections (CIs) involving charge transfer phenomena can depend sensitively on the influence of a polar and polarizable environment.
Conical intersections (CIs), i.e., multidimensional, cone-like topological structures at degeneracies between Born–Oppenheimer surfaces, are known to play a key role in the ultrafast dynamics of photoexcited molecular systems.
Their great relevance for biochemical and biological systems has been confirmed over the past decades.
By their particular topology, CIs act as “photochemical funnels” which effectively and selectively induce transitions between electronic states.
For example, the recent study involving two of us in refs. 7–9 is the first explicit investigation of solvent effects on the ground state reaction path near a CI, and the QM/MM type calculational approaches of refs. 10, 11 provide an avenue to the microscopic description of both ground and excited states in an environment.
Due to the environment, CIs can indeed be substantially displaced, or may even disappear.
Given the complexity of these systems, a key step in the theoretical analysis is to select the relevant features which determine the energetics and dynamics of the chromophore–environment supermolecular system.
This is of relevance, in particular, for the S1–S0 CI in protonated Schiff bases (PSBs) like retinal, which plays a key role in the chromophore's cis–trans isomerization and can be associated with the translocation of a positive charge.
Charge transfer has also been shown to characterize the earliest events in the photoactive yellow protein, PYP, photocycle.
While the present work focusses on the case of a small chromophore in solution phase, the theoretical framework we are developing is generalizable to take into account the specific nature of the environment, by referring to microscopic solvent coordinate concepts, with emphasis on the environment's heterogeneous character.
This opens up an avenue to treat very general types of system–environment situations, in particular (i) complex molecular systems, even gas phase species, characterized by a local site which interacts with an intramolecular “bath” involving charged and polarizable groups, and (ii) large molecules in a solvent environment, where the local site of interest interacts with an effective environment comprising intramolecular and solvent components.
For a chromophore embedded in a protein via electrostatic, hydrogen bonding and covalent interactions, the local environment bears features of both cases (i) and (ii).
The paper is organized as follows.
Section 2 addresses the general theoretical formulation leading to a free energy surface description of the combined chromophore–environment system.
Section 3 introduces the extended two-electron two-orbital model we use to describe the coupled S1–S0 states in protonated Schiff bases.
In Section 4, we address the charge properties, free energy surfaces, and solvent effects for the CI model.
Section 5 summarizes some future perspectives and concludes.
This paper is part of a combined theoretical/experimental study of the catecholamine neurotransmitters.
Previous work in this series include the investigation of the conformational landscapes of noradrenaline (NA), the simplest catecholamine neurotransmitter, and of singly hydrated NA.
Noradrenaline has one chiral centre (the Cβ atom, see Fig. 1 for the labelling of the atoms), and thus occurs in two spectroscopically identical chiral forms (R and S).
Adrenaline/pseudoadrenaline is formed by the replacement of one of the hydrogens of the terminal NH2 group by a methyl group.
This makes the N atom chiral as well, which leads to the existence of two diastereoisomers: adrenaline (1R2S/1S2R) and pseudoadrenaline (1S2S/1R2R).
A biomolecule's molecular shape plays a crucial role in its transport properties, its selectivity and function, and its receptor binding properties.
Its shape and conformation result from a delicate balance of intramolecular and environmental influences.
The functional groups of the catecholamine neurotransmitters (the catecholic hydroxyls, the chain OH and NH groups, and the π electron cloud) provide many possible water-binding sites.
For the most stable NA conformer (AG1a), we located as many as eleven different AG1a–H2O structures.
In pseudoephedrine, for example, hydration results in a substantial rearrangement of its conformational landscape, altering the conformation at the global minimum from an extended (Aga) to a folded (Gga) conformation.
In addition, the number of local minima increases steeply with the number of constituents in the cluster.
Consequently, a full study of the adrenaline hydrates will be a formidable task.
Alcohols are emitted into the atmosphere by a wide number of anthropogenic and natural processes.
The main sources are due to their use as solvent in different industries.
For example, 2-methyl-1-propanol (isobutanol) is commonly used in coatings, as an additive in gasoline, an intermediate for glycol ethers and agricultural chemicals, and in anti-corrosion and anti-wear additives in engine oils.
As a chemical intermediate, 2-methyl-1-propanol is used to make esters and ethers.
3-methyl-1-butanol (isopentanol) is used as a chemical intermediate and solvent, and in pharmaceutical products and medicines.
The release of these oxygenated volatile organic compounds is likely to contribute to the formation of ozone and other components of photochemical smog such as aldehydes, ketones and PAN-type compounds in urban areas.
The gas-phase atmospheric oxidation of alcohols is primary initiated by reaction with OH radicals.
Several kinetic studies of the OH reaction with alcohols have been reported previously.
However, only a limited number of studies have been conducted on the absolute measurements of the OH reaction rate constant with alcohols with more than four carbon atoms.
As far as we know, this work provides the first temperature dependence studies for the three reactions.
The only existing data reported in the literature are those of Hai et al. for 2-methyl-1-propanol Saunders et al. for 3-methyl-1-butanol and Wallington et al. for 3-methyl-2-butanol.
The systems differ in terms of the structure of the solvation cluster formed around the excess electron.
The existence of the dipole-bound anion of uracil was first predicted theoretically in our group and subsequently detected in gas phase experiments by the groups of Schermann and Bowen.
Subsequent experiments concerning anion formation of hydrated molecules of nucleic acid bases showed that hydration changes the nature of the complex with an excess electron anion and converts the very weakly-dipole-bound uracil anion to a more stable conventional covalent anion.
While for the former a sharp narrow peak at 93 ± 7 meV was observed, the latter produced a broad feature characteristic to a covalent anion.
The broad feature did not show any vibrational structure and was noticeably shifted towards higher electron binding energies than the feature corresponding to the dipole-bound anion of the monomer.
The stabilization of an excess electron attached to a closed-shell system by solvating the anion with polar molecules is an effect that can be easily understood based on the analysis of the electrostatic interactions occurring between the excess electron and the solvating systems.
The transformation of a dipole-bound anion to a covalent anion upon solvation, however, may also involve, apart from the stabilization of the excess electron by the direct interaction with solvating systems, an additional effect resulting from the structural conformation of the solvated covalent anion being more stable than the conformation of the solvated dipole-bound anion.
Our previous calculations of the covalent electron attachment to uracil indicated that such an attachment causes a puckering distortion of the uracil ring.
If solvation stabilizes the puckered uracil structure more than the planar structure of the uracil dipole-bound anion, the covalent anion may become more stable.
The additional stabilization due to solvation may also result from a stronger interaction of the solvent with the more localized covalently-attached excess electron than with the much more diffused dipole-bound electron.
For the [uracil]−·water complex, we have already studied one such configuration where the dipole-bound excess electron of uracil was localized between the uracil molecule and the water molecule.
We showed that such a configuration is stable, the presence of water stabilizes the dipole-bound excess electron and makes it more localized.
It is also interesting to investigate structures of possible molecular electron traps formed by molecular complexes.
For example, electron trapping is relevant to molecular charge conductivity and charge localization in such systems as DNA and other biopolymers.
Recent excited state ab initio calculations for H atom photodetachment processes from NH-containing heteroaromatic compounds, aromatic amines, or phenols have suggested a new paradigm for the photochemical dynamics in these systems.
Conical intersections between the ππ* and πσ* and the πσ* and S0 potential energy hypersurfaces thus open efficient pathways for radiationless electronic transitions leading to an ultrafast relaxation of the excited molecules to the electronic ground state and/or to a fast NH/OH bond fission and corresponding dissociation of the molecules.
These mode specific channels have been postulated to have great importance for the photochemical properties of the nucleic acid bases and the biologically relevant aromatic amino acids, for intramolecular H atom transfer reactions in excited electronic states (ESIHT), and for photo-induced intermolecular H atom transfer reactions in hydrogen-bonded molecular complexes.
The UV absorption spectrum of pyrrole shows two strong bands, the first with an intensity maximum near λ = 210 nm, the second near 165 nm.
In addition, a very weak feature is observed with a maximum around 240 nm.
The spectrum between 190 and 260 nm is reproduced in Fig. 1.
The most recent quantum chemical calculations by Roos et al. showed that the bulk of the intensity of the 210 nm band arises from the intra-valence transition to the 1 1B2 (ππ*) state.
A small contribution (≈15%) may also come from the neighboring 2 1A1 (ππ*) state.
The 165 nm band has been attributed to the excitation to the 1 1B1 and 2 1B2 states which belong to the 3p Rydberg series.
The respective transition has traditionally been assigned to the 1 1A2 (3s) Rydberg state.
The observation of this electronically forbidden band can be explained by a vibronic coupling with the 1 1B2 (ππ*) state induced by out-of-plane vibrations (b1 symmetry).
One earlier paper has also assigned the 240 nm band to the excited 2 1A1 valence state.
However, Sobolewski and Domcke recently demonstrated that the stretching of the NH bond in the 1 1A2 state leads to a Rydberg-to-valence transformation by which that bond becomes anti-bonding, i.e., the electron configuration becomes πσ*.
The Rydberg character remains evident by the diffuseness of the σ* orbital, but the πσ* character was postulated to be responsible for a fast mode-specific N–H bond dissociation and, through a conical intersection with the S0 state, for an efficient radiationless relaxation of the electronically excited molecules.
Moreover, a fast predissociation of the ππ* state by the πσ* state was suggested to explain the apparently extremely short lifetimes of the excited states of pyrrole and the resulting absence of observations of laser induced fluorescence.
In a recent communication, we reported on first results of an investigation of the formation of H atoms from pyrrole and, for comparison, N-methylpyrrole in their lowest excited electronic states by photofragment velocity map imaging.
The observed H atom velocity maps showed the existence of two dissociation channels.
The first was found to produce very fast H atoms and appeared to be due to a rapid direct NH bond cleavage in the excited electronic state, as predicted by the theoretical studies.
The H atom kinetic energy distribution had a strong, narrow peak at high translational energies.
The less important second channel was observed to lead to much slower H atoms with a very broad kinetic energy distribution, consistent with a statistical formation via unimolecular decay reactions in the electronic ground state after internal conversion from the excited state.
This conclusion was supported by the results for N-methylpyrrole which showed only H atoms corresponding to the second channel.
The experimental results thus corroborated the proposal by Sobolewski and Domcke that the lowest excited electronic state of pyrrole has πσ* character and is anti-bonding with respect to the stretching of the N–H bond.
It is well known that the chain-terminating reaction H + O2 (+M) → HO2 (+M) is of central importance in the oxidation of hydrogen-containing molecules.
Its rate at low pressures has been measured repeatedly since about 1945 and the uncertainty of the third order low pressure rate constant k0 today is estimated to be about ±25%.
In experiments at 300 K up to pressures of 200 bar of the bath gas Ar the pseudo-second order rate constant k was found to fall about a factor of 10 below the extrapolated k0.
Studies of the H2–O2–NOx reaction in Ar between 800 and 900 K and at pressures of 1–14 bar could not detect substantial deviations from third order.
These experiments, however, were disputed on the basis of statistical adiabatic channel/classical trajectory (SACM/CT) predictions of the high pressure rate constant k∞ combined with calculations of k([M]) in the falloff range of the reaction.
The pressure dependence of the reaction may appear to be of only limited interest for normal combustion since deviations from third order occur only at comparably high pressures.
This is particularly true when the bath gas is a very efficient collider such as water.
There is considerable interest in the high pressure properties of the reaction in the field of supercritical water oxidation where temperatures are of the order of 800–1000 K and water pressures are around 250 bar.
DNA hybridisation reactions are at the core of biological and medical analysis.
Performed in vast numbers, one of the most valuable platforms are DNA microarrays where probe oligomer sequences representing genes of interest are immobilised and incubated with a mixture of unknown target DNA.
If such a scheme is to be used for a large number of analyses in sequence, the single assay has to be performed within a short time to become comparable to the enormous multiplexing performance of microarray technology.
The detection of DNA hybridisation is based on the fluorescent dye PicoGreen that selectively enhances its fluorescence upon binding to double-stranded DNA (dsDNA).
Typically, such intercalating reagents are used for DNA quantification.
Inside these channels, rapid, diffusion-based mixing under laminar flow conditions is performed at the crossing of three channels by squeezing the solutions into thin layers.
Many biological reactions, e.g. enzymatic catalysis, are induced by mixing and collision of two (or more) reactants.
However, in the age of micro- and nanotechnology, these rather old-fashioned concepts have gained a wholly new relevance.
By a consequent downscaling of the channel dimensions to micrometer dimensions, the reaction volume can be tremendously decreased to the order of a few μL.
Additionally, using a proper channel design, there is basically no dead volume (defined as the volume between the point where the reaction is initiated, and the first observation point).
There is one significant difference to the standard applications, though: On such small scales, the flow is strictly laminar.
The Reynolds (Re)-number—determined by the quotient of friction to inertial forces, and indicating the transition of laminar to turbulent flow—usually lies between 1 and 10 for typical flow velocities of a few mm s−1 in micrometer-sized channels.
This is far below the value of ∼2000 where turbulences and consequently, turbulence-induced mixing, can be expected.
Without an elaborate additional instrumentation e.g. modification of the channel walls that supports fast mixing, or electro-kinetic turbulent mixing modules, the starting of reactions is solely based on molecular diffusion within the sample.
The time that a molecule needs to travel an average distance by diffusion is proportional to the square of the distance.
Thus, diffusion-limited mixing can be sped up by miniaturization of the diffusion zone.
A straightforward way to achieve this was introduced by Knight et al.
The results obtained have been discussed in the light of the theoretical treatment described in Part I of this work.
Diffusion plays an important role in the hydrogen electrode reaction (HER), especially when it is taking place in the anodic direction, the hydrogen oxidation reaction (hor).
Consequently, the dependence of the current density on overpotential j(η) was described in many cases as a purely diffusional process, commonly named a ‘reversible reaction’.
On the other hand, more recent studies consider the hor a mixed controlled reaction, though with a strong diffusional contribution.
The studies described in this review were published in commonly available journals as well as in the proceedings of three major conferences relevant to microfluidics (Micro Total Analysis Systems, Transducers and The Nanotechnology Conference and Trade Show).
Although an emphasis has been placed on papers published since 2002, pertinent articles preceding this publication year have also been included.
The polymerase chain reaction (PCR) has succeeded in revolutionising the analysis of nucleic acids.
Disciplines both directly and indirectly related to the life sciences can readily exploit PCR, and with various genome study initiatives increasingly making available sequence data, this trend is set to continue into the future.
Indeed, when attempted this approach reveals the necessary requirement to integrate gene analysis into a process that serves best to eliminate both sampling and experimental error.
Biological matter is comprised from the unit of life, the cell, and gene analysis is portrayed in terms of gene abundance, presence, or absence, within a particular biological sample.
Tissues are heterogeneous, in that many types of different cells co-exist within biological samples.
Indeed, when considered alongside the potential to dissect the PCR process itself to understand more how to increase and maintain PCR efficiency, the miniaturisation of PCR and future PCR applications seem to become permanently entwined.
The majority of developments in miniaturisation have stemmed from institutes with strong analytical, engineering, fabrication and optical specialisations.
The reader is also directed to other reviews covering either a wide range of applications, or specific fields such as DNA and protein analysis, genomics and proteomics analysis or molecular diagnostics.
Geometrical vs. statistical models for describing phase transition kinetics in thin films.
The transformation of materials from the amorphous to the crystalline phase and its theoretical description have received considerable attention due to its relevance for areas as diverse as polymer science, interstellar physical chemistry, semiconductor technology and metallurgy.
Particular attention has been paid to the kinetics of this transition in thin films, for reasons of experimental sample geometry and to mimic finite-size effects in naturally occurring systems.
For example, the crystallization of amorphous solid water in confined geometries has received significant attention the past decade.
There has recently been renewed interest in theories that predict the crystallized fraction as a function of time (as this constitutes the commonly measured quantity), and its sensitivity to the various parameters associated with the phase transition: the nucleation probability, the rate of subsequent growth and the desorption rate of material from the thin films, if pertinent.
These analytical theories (see e.g.refs. 16, 24–26) are based on Avrami’s seminal contribution and assume that nucleation sites are randomly distributed throughout the volume (or over the surface) of the initial phase and appear with a fixed probability per unit volume (per unit surface area) per unit time.
The subsequent growth is radial, with a constant velocity.
In these models, the growth criterion is therefore non-local and geometric: if a point within the layer is sufficiently close to a nucleation center, it will have changed phase.
At any point in the layer, the probability for conversion therefore does not depend on the local environment of that point, but depends on how far it is removed from a crystallization nucleus and how much time has elapsed after nucleation, hence the denotation geometric, or non-local.
In such a statistical model, the probability for, say, a water molecule to become part of the crystalline phase, is determined by the phase state of its immediate surroundings in a statistical manner; if the surrounding is predominantly crystalline, the chance of phase transformation will be large.
The growth criteria for the MC simulation are the simplest that reproduce three-dimensional spherical growth in the bulk, without any prior knowledge of the energetics of the process.
This effect is not limited to thin films.
This is not a purely abstract issue, as there have recently been two independent reports for nucleation of the thermodynamically stable phase at the surface: for the crystallization of amorphous solid water and polymers.
Glycoconjugates such as glycolipids and glycoproteins on cell membranes play an important role of receptor to lectins, toxins and viruses in living systems, and are significantly related to the formation of organized systems such as cell adhesion, differentiation and morphogenesis.
However, the immobilization of carbohydrates on a substrate or chip due to complexed structures of glycoconjugates is still unexploited compared with that for nucleic acids and proteins.
SSA lectin from Sambucus sieboldiana could recognize specifically the sialyl(α2-6)Gal/GalNAc sequence independent of the surface coverage (5–80%) of the carbohydrate [step (c)].
In the preparation of the biotinylated sialylglycan, we chose endo-β-N-acetyl glucosaminidase from Mucor hiemalis (EC 3.2.1.96) (endo-M) as an enzyme, which is a unique endoglycosidase for the hydrolysis of N,N′-diacetylchitobiosyl linkages in oligosaccharides bound to asparaginyl residues of various glycoproteins to leave one N-acetylglucosamine residue on the protein moieties.Endo-M was found to hydrolyze not only the high mannose type but the complex type and the hybrid type of asparagine-linked oligosaccharides.
Furthermore, endo-M also showed transglycosylation activity.
We believe that the combination of the biotinylation of naturally-occurring carbohydrates by the endo-M enzyme and the QCM chip assay will be very useful for the elucidation of roles of carbohydrates and studies on glycomics.
The CP47–RC complex of photosystem II (PS II) has an antenna subunit of 16 chlorophyll a molecules attached to the reaction center (RC) at the side of its inactive branch.
In the thylakoid membranes of green plants, algae and cyanobacteria the reaction center (RC) of photosystem II (PS II) is surrounded by a number of pigment-protein complexes that harvest sunlight and efficiently deliver excitation energy to the RC.
The subunits most close to the RC are CP43 and CP47, which together with the RC and a number of extrinsic proteins involved in water oxidation constitute the PS II core complex.
Structures of cyanobacterial PS II core complexes were obtained recently at 3.5–3.8 Å resolution.
The main features of the cyanobacterial structure match reasonably well those of green plants, so it is valid to use the X-ray structure of PS II from cyanobacteria as a model for the structure of the PS II core complex of higher plants.
According to the X-ray structure the RC (D1/D2/Cyt b559) complex comprises 8 chlorins and 2 carotenes, all of which participate in the energy transfer and/or electron transfer processes.
Four chlorophyll (Chl) and two pheophytin (Pheo) molecules are arranged in two branches in the central part of the complex.
One branch is known to be active in charge separation.
Two Chl molecules are bound at the periphery of the complex at distances of about 24 Å from the core pigments and do not participate in the primary charge separation process, though they can be involved in secondary electron transfer processes, just as the two β-carotene molecules and cytochrome b559.
The CP47 complex contains 16 Chls and two β-carotenes.
In the thylakoid membrane it is located at the side of the inactive branch of the RC.
The closest interpigment distance between CP47 (Chl43 according to the nomenclature in ref. 2) and RC (PheoD2 and ChlZD2) is about 21 Å, which is considerably more than the ca. 9 Å average interpigment distance in CP47.
In all PS II RC preparations obtained thusfar the secondary electron acceptors, the plastoquinones QA and QB, were removed from their binding sites during the isolation procedure, implying that photochemistry does not proceed beyond the primary radical pair.
The CP47–RC complex differs from the RC mainly by the presence of the additional antenna subunit, because QA is also largely absent after isolation and purification.
This means that these two complexes represent a good target for comparative studies of the influence the CP47 core antenna on the energy transfer and charge separation processes in the RC.
The results were reviewed elsewhere.
According to these studies the transfer of excitation energy within the six central chlorins of the RC is ultrafast, with a time constant of about 100 or 600 fs upon excitation into the blue or red edge of the Qy absorption band, respectively, though slower energy transfer components can probably not be excluded, in particular at low temperatures.
It was suggested that charge separation occurs from an excited state which at least at room temperature is distributed over a significant fraction of the six core chlorins, depending on the particular realisation of the disorder.
The charge separation reactions are strongly multiphasic, with main components in the range of 0.4–3, 20–50 and 120–500 ps.
It has been proposed that at least at low temperatures ChlD1 acts as primary electron donor and that the ChlD1+ PheoD1− pair occurs first, followed by electron transfer from PD1 to ChlD1+.
The findings that ChlD1 is the red-most absorbing chromophore in the PS II RC and that PheoD1 and ChlD1 give rise to a charge-transfer state of about equal energy with those of the main exciton states are in line with this idea.
Lifetimes of about 0.4, 3 and 8 ps were suggested for the primary charge separation.
The 20–50 ps processes were interpreted as formation of a secondary radical pair or primary charge separation limited by the slow transfer from the peripheral Chls to the core of RC.
The 200–500 ps kinetics, initially attributed to radical pair relaxation due to electron transfer to QA, were also observed in isolated RC preparations, which do not contain QA.
It was proposed that the slow relaxation reactions of the radical pair may be induced by conformational changes of the protein, induced by the creation of the two charges.
Recent experiments indicated that most of the energy transfer dynamics in CP47 occurs within 2–3 ps.
In CP47 the lowest energetic state absorbs at 690 nm with an oscillator strength equal to that of 1 Chl.
The 690 nm state gives a major contribution to the low temperature emission of CP47 and determines a 17 ps lifetime of energy transfer in CP47 at 77 K. The 690 nm pigment is most probably located at the periphery of CP47 not close to the RC and its population will slow down rather than speed up the energy transfer to the reaction center.
The lifetime of charge separation depends in this case on the slow energy delivery process from the core antenna to the RC (transfer-to-the-trap-limited model).
This further increases the advantage of RI procedures.
This has been demonstrated in a series of investigations considering J, the HF exchange K, and correlated treatments based on second order perturbation theory.
Gains in efficiency resulting from the RI technique are most pronounced for the treatment of J.
Considerable reassignment of the published spectra, as well as new experimental work is still necessary for a confident determination of the low-energy region of the molecular potential of 1,3-benzodioxole.
Determination of the effects which are responsible for the preferred structural conformations of molecules is often less than straightforward.
It is useful to keep in mind that the understanding of such a basic feature, as the staggered geometry of ethane, has come only recently, from a careful computational study showing that this geometry results from hyperconjugation and not from steric repulsion.
In cases of molecules which have conformers of comparable energy separated by small energy barriers the situation is often much more complex.
Even the geometry at the global minimum, and not only its origin may be uncertain.
Several spectroscopic studies of 1,3-benzodioxole (BDO) have been carried out, and were devoted to elucidation of details of its large amplitude motion, which is a convolution of ring puckering, flapping and ring twisting.
The molecule is shown in Fig. 1, where the parameters used to describe the ring puckering and flapping motions are also indicated.
The puckered conformation of BDO has been interpreted to originate from the anomeric effect, which is a stereoelectronic effect that involves the donation of electron density from a lone pair on one oxygen atom to the adjacent carbon-oxygen bond.
Such interaction, believed to be the result of n–s* overlap, reaches its maximum value when the –C–O–C–O torsional angle is at 90° and is excluded in case of a planar ring.
Since the puckering of the ring increases the magnitude of the anomeric effect, there can be a stabilization of a nonplanar structure.
In ref. 6 a partial reassignment was made of the fundamental transition of the butterfly motion, with respect to refs. 2 and 4 while in ref. 7 the potential energy surface of the ring puckering and butterfly motions was determined for the first time in the S1 state.
Following the experimental results, two theoretical studies confirmed the anomeric effect to be the main effect in determining the bent conformation of BDO in both S0 and S1 states.
It was found that, for S1, the rotational constants of state υp = 2 obtained from the 3920 and 3921 transitions as assigned in ref. 7, were incompatible with each other.





















