This procedure uses electrostatic interactions to entrap positively charged cadmium ions into thin films of the anionic surfactant AOT by a simple immersion of the film in electrolyte solution.
Thereafter, the composite film is treated with H2S gas/Na2S solution resulting in the in-situ formation of CdS nanoparticles in the quantum size regime.
Investigation of the entrapment of cadmium ions in the AOT film and subsequent quantum dot synthesis was carried out by quartz crystal microgravimetry (QCM), UV-Vis spectroscopy, Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy and transmission electron microscopy (TEM) measurements.
To realize this, procedures such as the Langmuir–Blodgett technique and liquid–liquid interface reaction technique have been developed.
Electrostatic interactions help cadmium ions from the subphase complex with the anionic surfactant molecules.
 Boyatzis proposes two main approaches for thematic analysis [6]; a quantitative description of the frequency of themes, and the forming of clusters of themes.
Subsequently, the films, after lifting onto a suitable substrate, are treated with Na2S solution for synthesis of CdS nanoparticles.
In this laboratory, some of us have successfully used electrostatic interactions to entrap cadmium ions into thermally evaporated fatty acid films and then form CdS nanoparticles by chemical treatment of the immobilized cadmium ions.
In the present work, we describe attempts to synthesize cadmium sulfide nanoparticles within thermally evaporated thin films of sodium bis(2-ethylhexyl)sulfosuccinate (AOT).
The choice of AOT was motivated by the possibility of better size control over formation of CdS nanoparticles.
Though the conditions of our experiment are not identical to that experienced by AOT in reverse micelles, we believe that the propensity of this surfactant to form spherical structures in an aqueous environment would provide a confining influence on CdS nanoparticles formed in the AOT matrix and thus, better control over nanoparticle size than that afforded by stearic acid thin films.
Another motivating factor for the use of AOT is the interesting optical properties of AOT capped CdS nanoparticles.
Synthesizing nanoparticles such as CdS in lipid thin films by electrostatic entrapment of suitable ions can potentially provide many additional advantages over other methods of forming nanoparticulate thin films.
Using this method it is possible to achieve patterned nanoparticulate thin films by suitable masking of the lipid film.
Apart from allowing the possibility of pattern formation, our method enables the convenient formation of nanoparticulate thin films even on nonplanar and topologically highly complex surfaces, which is difficult if not impossible to achieve by other thin film forming techniques.
By sequential entrapment of different metal ions, formation of nanocomposite thin films constituted by different semiconducting nanoparticles or formation of doped semiconducting nanoparticulate thin film should also be achievable.
It involves the irradiation of a sample with a laser and the measurement of components of light scattered from the target system, which are displaced in frequency by one vibrational unit.
The pattern of signals is often diagnostic or is characteristic of a particular molecule or group, enabling in situ detection, particularly if the analyte signal is enhanced over the background.
Water provides very poor Raman scattering and consequently is nearly transparent making the technique useful in bioanalysis.
However, there are two big disadvantages, namely that Raman scattering is weak with only 1 in about 108 scattered photons being Raman scattered and fluorescence from the sample matrix can often swamp the Raman signal.
Among the most effective is SERRS in which the analyte molecule is adsorbed onto a suitable roughened surface such as that of silver or gold nanoparticles and an excitation frequency close to the plasmon frequency of the particles is used.
The enhancement can be increased further by using an analyte which is a dye for which one of the absorption peaks lies in a frequency region reasonably close to the excitation frequency(within 50–100 nm).
SERRS enhancement of the Raman signal of up to 10^14 has been claimed and single molecule detection has been demonstrated.
In addition to the sensitivity, one of the major improvements of SERRS over existing technologies is that the Raman signals obtained are sharp and can be interpreted easily in terms of the resonance spectrum of the analyte.
The narrow signals can be more easily resolved than those of fluorescence and the signal pattern is molecularly specific.
Thus, individual dyes can be clearly discriminated in mixtures and this opens up the potential for the coding of nanoparticles with multiple labels in a manner which enables them to be identified in situ in a flowing stream or in a biological matrix.
This model addresses the question of charge trapping and hopping, and it permits the computation of the potential energy surface relevant to charge transfer using a single Hamiltonian.
This surface can be analyzed using the Marcus theory of electron transfer and provides guanine–guanine nearest-neighbour and guanine–guanine superexchange charge transfer rates as a function of the sequence and the geometrical arrangement of the bases.
In addition, it effortlessly enables a quantitative description of the long-range adenine–adenine hopping mechanism.
Because the GGA functional BLYP is known to be good, we can analyse separately the contributions from B88X and LYP.
To avoid the limitations of REMPI cluster ion generation, in the present work cold A+–Ln complexes are produced in a supersonic plasma expansion created by electron ionization (EI) of a molecular beam.
This EI ion source generates A+–Ln complexes via EI of A followed by cluster aggregation.
Consequently, the EI source produces predominantly the most stable isomer of a given A+–Ln complex, independent of the most stable structure of neutral A–Ln.
Microfiltration and dielectrophoresis have been used to integrate blood sample preparation with PCR on microfabricated devices.
The microfilters were prone to clogging by blood samples, while the dielectrophoresis studies used only diluted or resuspended blood cells within a specific separation buffer, that was required to adjust the conductivity.
As an alternative, paramagnetic beads offer a means to form an immunocapture bed to isolate rare cells from blood.
Protein A/anti-human CD3 paramagnetic beads were first introduced into the chips and captured in a field generated by an external magnet.
A blood sample was then introduced, T cells were captured and rinsed clean, collected at the chip outlet and moved to a different module (off-chip in this case) for subsequent analysis.
The biotinylated peptides were incorporated into the fibrils co-assembled with non-biotinylated peptides, allowing regular immobilization of streptavidin onto the fibrils.
The avidin-immobilized fibrils possibly make a nanoscaffold onto which a variety of functional groups are arranged.
We designed β16 and biotinylated B2x-β16 peptides that could assemble into amyloid-like fibrils according to the previous studies (Fig. 1). B2x-β16 peptide had a biotin group at the N-terminus as a streptavidin-binding domain.
Microfabricated cantilevers have been proposed as nanomechanical transducers for various sensing applications, such as biological, physical and chemical sensors to detect the presence of specific compounds with selectivity and quantity.
Nanomechanical cantilevers have a high sensitivity and a minimal detectable mass density, in comparison with electromechanical devices, such as the quartz crystal microbalance (QCM), the flexural plates wave (FPW) device, and the surface acoustic wave (SAW) device.
In general, the cantilevers can detect specific compounds in both dynamic and static modes.
Most of the current nanomechanical cantilever based sensors are focused on the deflection, i.e. the static mode, arising from a change in surface properties due to antigen–antibody binding using the optical detection method.
However, the optical stress measuring system has some limitations, such as a narrow dynamic range and a parasitic deflection.
These limitations in detection using the static mode are a serious problem for the development of feasible cantilever sensors with high sensitivity and reproducibility.
In this study, the dynamic detection of PSA antigen–antibody binding is accomplished by monitoring the resonant frequency shift of the nanomechanical cantilever that is caused by the specific binding between the PSA antigen–antibody onto the functionalized gold surface of cantilever.
In contrast to the laser ablation and arc discharge techniques catalytic chemical vapour deposition (CCVD) is able to produce nanotubes in industrial quantities.
In the laboratory scale C2H2 or C2H4 as carbon sources, cobalt, iron or nickel as catalyst particles, and high surface area SiO2, Al2O3 or zeolite supports are commonly used for the synthesis of multiwalled nanotubes (MWNTs).
After the synthesis process nanotubes must be removed from the catalyst.
The differentiation between the various associated species (contact ion pairs, solvent separated ion pairs, ionic multiplets or salt aggregates) is manifested in the spectra through different frequency shifts and/or splittings of different magnitude of characteristic vibrational bands of the “free” anion.
The present spectroscopic analysis will essentially rely on deconvolution procedures.
Unfortunately, the curve-fitting of some of the triflate bands which are most sensitive to coordination effects is not straightforward, as they are in general broad and commonly contain multiply overlapped components.
To unravel the most critical triflate regions of the spectra of the monourethanesils, we will also employ two-dimensional (2D) correlation spectroscopic analysis.
We have used matrix isolation combined with infrared spectroscopy to study its interactions with small, stable molecules.
Cell viability was assessed simultaneously with ethidium homodimer-1 staining and confirmed by standard colorimetric 3-[4,5]dimethylthiazol-2,5diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) test.
Several studies have used electron microscopy to demonstrate the presence of the glycocalyx in the microcirculation.
Conventional electron microscopy requires that cell specimens be dehydrated during the fixation procedure so that the total volume of extracellular material is significantly reduced or collapsed and compressed, leading to the distortion of the glycocalyx architecture.
To eliminate this problem, we have chosen to develop methodology centred on confocal laser scanning microscopy (CLSM) to study the hydrated glycocalyx of viable, cultured endothelial cells derived from human umbilical vein.
We used a fluorescein isothiocyanate-linked wheat germ agglutinin (WGA-FITC), which binds selectively to N-acetyl-d-glucosaminyl residues, a constituent of heparan sulfate, the major saccharide of cell surface proteoglycans and to N-acetylneuraminic (sialyl) residues, making a significant contribution to the surface charge and representing a major component of the endothelial glycocalyx.
Stringent concurrent screening for viability of the cells was undertaken for all experimental conditions used.
The Δν1 shifts are used to derive the first experimental estimate for the proton affinity of the indolyl radical (∼920 ± 30 kJ mol−1).
Frequently, A+–Ln complexes are generated by the formation of neutral A–Ln complexes in a supersonic molecular beam expansion, followed by resonance enhanced multiphoton ionization (REMPI).
For the spectroscopic characterization of A+–Ln, the REMPI process is usually combined with photoionization efficiency measurements (PIE), mass analysed threshold ionization (MATI), zero kinetic energy photoelectron (ZEKE) spectroscopy, or photodissociation (PD) spectroscopy.
However, all these ionization techniques suffer from the severe restrictions imposed by the Franck–Condon principle, which prevents the efficient population of the most stable isomer of A+–Ln in cases where the global minimum structures of the neutral and the cation complex are rather different.
To overcome the limitations of the REMPI technique for cluster ion generation (“REMPI ion source”), the present work employs electron impact (EI) ionization within a supersonic expansion for the production of cold A+–Ln complexes.
Hence, the EI source forms predominantly the most stable A+–Ln isomer, independent of the most stable geometry of the corresponding neutral A–Ln species.
This is in contrast to the REMPI source, which often generates only local minima of A+–Ln.
Spectroscopic information about the interaction of In+–Arn (with n ≤ 2) in the cation ground state (D0) is provided by PIE, MATI, and ZEKE spectroscopic studies.
Molecular cryospectroscopy using infrared (IR) spectroscopy to detect solutes in low temperature rare gas solutions has been proven to be a viable technique in the study of weak molecular complexes.
While the second drawback can be overcome in IR by using cells with longer pathlengths, the low concentrations call for the use of high sensitivity detection in Raman.
State-of-the-art detectivity is offered by the use of a CCD camera, and we have used a detector of this type in this study.
Implantation of light-harvesting molecules and fabrication of three-dimensional nanostructured assemblies by combining gold nanoparticles and thiol dyes have proven to be successful avenues for improving photocurrent generation.
Until now, however, the development of devices based on SAMs has been directed towards the improvement of photoelectric conversion efficiency.
One of the noteworthy advantages of self-assembly is that different molecules can be implanted on the electrode at the same time.
This may allow SAMs to be exploited for new applications in photonic fields.
The syntheses of the linked ruthenium bipyridine complex–viologen disulfide [RuVS]2 and the phthalocyanine disulfide [PcS]2 have been described previously.
The measurement was performed by the method based on the comparison of fluorescence intensity upon two- and one-photon excitation.
The 0 → i transition dipoles can be quite easily obtained from the linear absorption spectra.
Indeed, since the oscillator strength fi0 is proportional to the transition dipole squared times νi0, then it is straightforward to calculate the ratio (Fig. 1):The last remaining factor in eqn. (2) consists of the product of the i → f transition dipole squared and the normalized lineshape function.
On the other hand, since we know the TPA cross sections we can calculate the ratio: The product |Mif|2g(2νp) is proportional to the excited state absorption εif(2νp – νi0).
In effect, (4) gives us the ratio of the excited-state extinction coefficients of dimer and monomer ε(D)if(2νp – νi0)/ε(M)if(2νp – νi0).
One possible way to compare the two-photon cross sections of different molecules is to calculate the ratio of the σ2 to molecular weight.
The collisions take place in a crossed beam arrangement.
This paper addresses the aforementioned gaps and proposes a simple, generic methodology for data exchange between events (in UML domain) and signals (in Matlab/Simulink domain).
The collision complexes are excited with polarized laser light and a detection laser is used to separate the excited Na atoms from the background.
From flight time measurement the velocity of the Na atoms after collision is obtained; this allows to reconstruct the kinematics of the observed scattering processes.
The results are presented as polar diagrams of the probability as a function of an orientation angle; they are analysed with the aid of numerical simulations using quantum chemically calculated potential surfaces and classical trajectories.
A related experiment consists in measuring the ratio of excited Na atoms leaving the complex in the lower 3p1/2 fine structure state compared to the sum 3p1/2 + 3p3/2, the two levels being separated by spin–orbit interaction.
These variations are used to provide a theoretical description of the bacterial adhesion to glass by interaction free energy, which is verified with experimental results employing a parallel plate flow chamber set at 37 °C, to simulate the conditions of flow inside the human body.
In this sense, theoretical predictions of the adhesion process based on interaction free energy calculations have been compared with experimental adhesion results in different investigations.
The positive correlation between both magnitudes could help to predict and consequently control biofilm formation.
Both components are calculated from the contact angles that probe liquids form on lawns of bacteria deposited on filters.
The electrical interaction free energy is obtained from the zeta potential (ζ) of bacteria and substrata.
Static and dynamic adhesion-based tests are the most commonly used.
However, static tests have been criticised because they neglect the conditions of flow that bacteria find in different parts of the human body and because they usually need a biochemical method to permit the count of the adhered bacteria.
This work therefore utilises a flow chamber to carry out the adhesion of E. faecalis to glass, allowing a live observation of microorganisms adhered to solid substrata.
For some time now, computational chemistry has been an important tool for probing, observing, explaining and verifying what had been discovered experimentally.
Calculations may verify or refute results still in question, or explain chemical, physical and other phenomena, whilst discovering previously unknown trends.
Combining experiment and theory results in a powerful and efficient instrument, enabling study of any kind of chemistry.
For instance, one may use an extended basis set, utilizing three or more lobes to describe an orbital; or employ polarization functions, describing the change imposed on an orbital during the transition from free to bonded state.
Diffuse functions constitute a further effort to improve theory.
Development of diffuse functions allowed orbital flexibility during calculation, allowing a more accurate description of the true, diminished electron repulsion, mainly for anions, and lowering the estimate of total energy, in accordance with the variation principle.
This process is considered for the ensemble of independent rings and for the array of the interacting rings by means of Monte Carlo simulations.
However, some authors, by using nonlinear absorption data or hole burning experiments for the same LH2 complexes of Rb. sphaeroides, have come to a conclusion that the exciton coherence radius is large, almost covering the whole ring of the pigments.
The inhomogeneous distribution among the LH2 complexes as well as within a separate complex is well demonstrated by spectroscopic experiments on single LH2 complexes supporting the conclusion that the absorption spectra of B850 at low temperatures is consistent with the coherent exciton model of a ring-like arrangement of pigments with a disordered distribution of the molecular transition energies.
Utilizing an isotopically labeled reactant (18O2) and state-selective product detection, we determine the relative flux through different paths on the potential energy surface leading to a single asymptote: H + CO + CO2.
The measurement of total rate coefficients, product branching ratios, and product energy distributions are common methods in the elucidation of reaction mechanisms.
Typically, each product branching ratio is interpreted as a measurement of the flux through one exit channel of the reaction.
In such cases it is usually quite difficult, if not impossible, to experimentally determine the contributions of these multiple reaction paths because they produce identical products.
It is sometimes possible to measure contributions from multiple pathways if energy partitioning in a product molecule depends strongly on the different pathways, but this method may only be viable for the simplest cases.
Isotopic labeling of reactants combined with isotope-specific detection of products offers the possibility of probing contributions of individual reaction paths in addition to more commonly measured product branching ratios.
Isotopic labeling has been widely applied in various fields of chemistry to determine the properties of chemical compounds and their origins and evolutions in reactions.
This technique can provide important insights into reaction mechanisms and dynamics, where the same products may arise from several different pathways, although such studies are still scarce.
All the possible isotopic variants of CO and CO2 can be easily separated by rotationally-resolved infrared spectroscopy.
The emission spectra of the isotopically labeled products provide a direct measurement of the reactive flux through different reaction pathways.
Of course, matching of even a considerable number of bands can be quite accidental, and other relations like pairs of broad and narrow bands, assignment of almost all DIBs within a range of 500 Å, and trends in the intensity distributions are used as evidence for this theoretical description.
Laser induced fragmentation studies of RM clusters of K give information on both excitation states and sizes of the clusters.
Such studies gave the first direct microscopic proof of the properties of RM.
Note that the main method in these studies is NOT mass spectrometry but neutral time-of-flight since no electric field accelerates any ions for the time-of-flight measurements.
The process giving the neutral particles (clusters) their high quantized kinetic energy is Coulomb explosions induced by the laser pulse passing through the RM cloud.
In a new type of study, namely laser Raman spectroscopic studies, unique information about the electronic processes in RM can be obtained.
Recently, the first emission spectroscopic study has been performed with RM in the infrared range.
Stimulated emission in RM was subsequently used in an ultra wide-band tunable IR laser, which may be the first thermally excited laser.
The impedance spectroscopy technique is widely used in electrochemistry and solid-state electrochemistry, particularly for investigation of new and interesting systems such as nanostructured semiconductor electrodes and photoelectrochemical solar cells.
Different assumptions have been used in recent years in order to obtain more realistic model spectra: anomalous diffusion processes, multiple trapping and non-uniform conductivity and capacitance.
The different shapes are obtained by changing only one parameter, the charge-transfer resistance Rrec.
In this method a short coherent light pulse, the pump, excites the S0 → S1 transition of a solute.
Coherent motion in the sample may be either directly excited on the S1 surface, or excited by impulsive stimulated resonance Raman scattering in S0.
The resultant coherent vibrational motion in the sample modulates its optical properties, which are probed by a time delayed probe pulse.
To optimise the signal-to-noise ratio we used a diffractive optics based TG technique, which amplifies the TG signal while reducing jitter.
Our experiment is based on the designs of Miller, Fleming and their co-workers (Fig. 1).
The decay of the grating is monitored by the intensity of the signal scattered from the time delayed probe pulse 1 in the direction 2.
Before each TG measurement the pulsewidth from the NOPA at the sample position was carefully optimised by adjusting a dispersive prism pair.
It should be noted that without such optimisation the coherent vibrational dynamics described below could not be reliably observed.
Since we are mainly interested in the coherent vibrational dynamics we subtracted these exponential components from the experimental data to isolate the residual oscillatory response (Fig. 2b).
In conclusion, we have used a sensitive diffractive optics based TG method to investigate the low frequency modes of a GFP mutant.
In the field of combustion research modeling provides a strong tool for the analysis of chemical and physical phenomena and predictions of properties of combustion systems.
To obtain an optimal C3 data set, simultaneous optimisation of the kinetics of small and intermediate sized fuels was necessary.
The reaction pathways leading to benzene are analysed by application of sensitivity and reaction flow analysis.
The results are compared with those of other experimental and computational studies with respect to the fuel, the temperature range and the vital role of the propargyl radical as a key intermediate in benzene formation.
Cationic and anionic clusters 195Ptn±, 1 ≤ n ≤ 24, were generated by laser vaporization using an isotopically enriched platinum sample.
Mass spectra were acquired after a series of varying reaction delays.
A crude selection of a cluster size range was accomplished by adjusting the timing of the cell trapping, effectively selecting a fraction of ions within a certain time of flight window from the source to the ICR cell.
Relative rate constants were obtained by fitting the experimental data to pseudo-first order reaction kinetics, and converted to absolute rate constants and reaction efficiencies using the average dipole orientation (ADO) theory.
The advantage of using isotopically enriched platinum is exemplified by the n = 7 cluster in Fig. 1.
More detailed insight and quantitative reaction rates are obtained by actually fitting the time-intensity profile to pseudo-first-order kinetics, as exemplified in Fig. 3. 195Pt8+ is shown in the top panel.
The experimental data are paralleled by electronic structure calculations carried out at the density functional theory level with 6-31++G** basis sets and the B3LYP and MPW1K exchange–correlation functionals.
The critical structures are further examined at the second order Møller–Plesset level of theory.
The structures of PSII subcore and PSII core complexes have been elucidated by electron diffraction and electron microscopy, respectively.
Illumination with 660-nm light shifts the in vitro equilibrium between the two towards approximately 85% Pfr and triggers a physiological response in vivo, whereas illumination with 730-nm light yields about 99% Pr and cancels the physiological effect.The kinetics of the Pr → Pfr phototransformation has been extensively studied by a variety of time-resolved spectroscopic techniques, and a number of metastable intermediates states with lifetimes in the micro to millisecond regime and distinctive absorption characteristics (λmax) have thereby been identified.
In later studies resonance Raman (RR) techniques, which offer a means to investigate the in situ structure of chromophores in proteins, have been used to probe the conformation of PΦB at different stages of the photocycle.
By calculating ground and excited-state potential energy surfaces (PES) taking into account both concerted (Z,syn → E,anti) and stepwise (Z → E followed by syn → anti) reaction pathways, we will in particular herein be able to present valuable new information with regard to the nature and starting of the syn → anti isomerization (photochemical isomerization simultaneously with Z → E or thermal isomerization after Z → E).
It should here be pointed out that the above studies were carried out using multiconfigurational complete active space self-consistent field (CASSCF) methods, which constitute the most appropriate theoretical framework for the modeling of photochemical reactions.
However, such methods are inevitably marred by substantial computational demands, rendering them inapplicable to a molecular system as large as PΦB.
The density functional theory (DFT)-based approach undertaken in this work, on the other hand, enables the necessary calculations, but provides a less accurate description in regions where two potential energy surfaces come close in energy.
The earlier near-IR investigation of hydrated tryptophan included a series of calculated structures and the corresponding O–H and N–H vibrational spectra of its lowest lying singly, doubly and triply hydrated clusters, computed using density functional theory (DFT), as well as their relative energies, computed ab initio and including electron correlation.
Additionally, the successful application of a free-electron laser source (FELIX), generating pulsed infrared radiation from the mid-IR down to the far IR region, to IR ion-dip studies of nucleic acid bases and lactose as well as to tryptophan itself has encouraged a reinvestigation of the hydrated clusters of tryptophan.
In order to circumvent the small dimensions of cells leading to weak statistics when investigating the diffusion properties of single membrane components, a technique based on optical microscopy employing Langmuir monolayers as membrane model systems has been developed in our lab.
These measurements with long observation times, thus far only possible with this method, were combined with respective Monte-Carlo simulations.
Since the packing density of lipids within monolayers at the air/water interface can be changed easily, inhomogeneity with regard to the phase state can be achieved by isothermal compression to coexistence regions.
Monte Carlo methods can give results regarding diffusion on length scales which correspond to those of fluorescence recovery after photobleaching (FRAP) and SPT data (in the range of 10−9–10−6 m).
In the following section, recent achievements in developing the method of SPT on Langmuir monolayers are briefly summarized.
The methods used for experiments and simulations of the model are described in Section 3.
The Fukui function fk+ and local softness sk+ are assigned as reactivity parameters for nucleophilic addition reaction in acrolein, methylacrylate, methylmethacrylate, acryloylchloride, cinnamaldehyde and cinnamoylchloride.
We apply image correlation spectroscopy techniques to determine quantitatively the density of the receptors and the caveolin-1 isotypes as well as the extent to which they co-localize.
Electric organ cryostat sections were performed along the antero-posterior axis; sections were incubated with a solution of 1 in a mixture of xylene, EtOH, and imidazole buffer and observed with an epifluorescence microscope (Fig. 2).
In order to understand the reason for the swelling of cells, microanalysis by energy-dispersive X-ray (EDAX) spectroscopy of the same region was carried out. After treatment of the electrocyte with 1, the relative semi-quantitative contents [Kα (wt%)] of oxygen, sodium, and chloride ions were 39, 17, and 15, respectively.
In the present work we report some results obtained by Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC) that provide us with a better understanding of the thermal behaviour of salol.
The technique of Thermally Stimulated Depolarisation Currents (TSDC) will also be used with two purposes.
This report describes a novel microfluidic analysis method and its application for simple sequence-selective DNA detection.
The method uses a microchannel device with a serpentine structure.
Sequence-specific binding of probe DNA can be detected at one side of the microchannel.
Several methods based on this technique have been developed using a groove binder or intercalator as the hybridization indicator.
However, these methods have not been applied generally to pathophysiology because of technical difficulty, limited applications, low accuracy, and high cost.
We describe here the application of tandem MS/MS electrospray ionisation mass spectrometry to the analysis of molecular patterns of PC synthesis by blood neutrophil and lymphocyte cells from healthy volunteers.
This technique combined incorporation of the headgroup choline, methyl-labelled with deuterium (methyl-d9-choline), with precursor scans of diagnostic labelled and native fragment ions.
Traditional analysis of total esterified fatty acids in such lipids by gas chromatography provides little information about such specificities of phospholipid structure and function.
In contrast, the application of electrospray ionisation mass spectrometry (ESI-MS) has had a dramatic impact on studies characterising membrane lipid compositions, due to its exquisite sensitivity and the detailed nature of the information provided.
In this paper, we describe the further application of ESI-MS/MS to quantify absolute rates of phosphatidylcholine (PC) synthesis in intact human white blood cells.
In PPC, the apparent coefficient of thermal expansion of the protein is deduced from the heat consumed or produced after small isothermal pressure jumps, which strongly depends on the interaction of the protein with the solvent at the protein–solvent interface.
Applying this method, determination of the thermal expansion coefficient and relative volume changes, ΔV/V, upon unfolding of proteins in solution has advantages over densimetric measurements since its sensitivity is higher by more than one order of magnitude.
The observed volume and expansivity changes are correlated with further thermodynamic properties obtained from differential scanning calorimetry (DSC).
We have chosen to study the solvation properties and stability of a well characterized monomeric protein, staphylococcal nuclease (Snase), in H2O and D2O buffer solutions, as well as in the presence of various types of co-solvents, such as glycerol, sorbitol, urea and potassium sulfate.
Their influence on the expansivity as well as the denaturation temperature, relative volume and enthalpy changes upon unfolding were obtained with high accuracy.
The furan⋯HCl complex was detected and characterised by means of its rotational spectrum, as observed by pulsed-nozzle, Fourier-transform microwave spectroscopy.
In this technique the complexes are produced by supersonic expansion and therefore only the lowest energy conformer in its zero-point state is usually detected.
We report here an investigation of thiophene⋯HBr by means of its ground-state rotational spectrum observed by the pulsed-jet, Fourier transform (FT) method.
The theory is numerically elegant since the colloidal free energy is analytic and, physically, the model can be used to study the role played by the strength and range of interactions on the formation of coexisting phases.
In view of the mathematical simplicity and the transparency of the underlying theory, we have adopted in the present study of phase separation a model system that has much relevance to real physical systems.
In this case, ship-in-a-bottle methodologies have to be devised to achieve the in situ synthesis of the target guest.
The photocatalytic oxidation activities were evaluated by the initial photodegradation rates of methylene blue and cis-9-octadecenoic acid.
They employed the static light scattering to determine the sign and magnitude of the virial coefficient, B, thus characterizing concretely the net interaction.
They performed SANS and SAXS experiments on cytochrome C in aqueous solutions up to volume fractions ϕ of about 0..18.
They analyzed the SANS and SAXS data using the generalized one-component macro-ion (GOCM) theory, an extension of the well-known one-component macro-ion model (OCM), which is applicable at high volume fractions.
In this study we tune, to some extent, the intermolecular interactions by changing protein concentration, pD and adding two salts differing in the anions.
SANS and rheological measurements have been performed on solutions with volume fraction ranging from 0.1 to 0.5 at two different pD (5.4 and 11.0) values.
UV/UV or IR/UV double resonance methods are widely used in spectroscopy of floppy molecules and clusters.
The strategy to obtain structural information by using zero kinetic energy electron PES (ZEKE), mass analyzed threshold ionization (MATI) or high resolution conventional laser PES is not new.
R2PI spectroscopy with mass selection has been used to record the S0–S1 spectrum.
UV/UV SHB was applied to analyze the number of conformers present in the molecular beam.
To obtain further information on the conformer structure, R(1 + 1′)PI PES was performed for the two most intense S0–S1 transitions.
In the BO approach the propagation involves the nuclear degrees of freedom which are treated classically.
Two decades ago, Car and Parrinello proposed a new approach that involved a new degree of freedom in the dynamics, namely the wave function.
Thus, the CPU time is reduced and larger molecular systems might be treated as compared to the BO approach.
These algorithms were developed to study and predict equilibrium and non-equilibrium properties of condensed-matter systems.
On the other hand, the restriction to DFT methods is sometimes not judicious for chemical investigations.
Although the necessary integrals are more difficult to calculate, particularly two-electron integrals, efficient algorithms are available to perform this task.
Using only atom centred basis functions within the CP scheme has been initially proposed by Field in the context of simulated annealing calculations.
First CP dynamics using this type of basis set have been accounted for within the Hartree–Fock (HF) and generalised valence bond (GVB) methods.
Nevertheless, this scheme has shown some difficulty with energy conservation.
Moreover, Carter’s group decided to give up the CP molecular dynamics considering that it is less efficient than the BO style dynamics.
This method has proven its ability in treating complex chemical systems with good accuracy.
We decided to reconsider the Carter et al., approach by combining the advantages of using Gaussian type orbitals for electronic structure calculation and the benefit of coupled propagation of the nuclei and the wave function.
It is important to note that the implementation presented here is not a real CP method in the sense that a partial convergence of the minimisation energy procedure is achieved at each step.
In the present procedure, we are using the advantage of propagating the wave function by means of a CP type Lagrangian in order to reduce the computational time needed for an accurate description of the molecular dynamics.
Because of the propagation of the wave function between two different nuclear structures, a small fixed number of iterations (between two and three) is sufficient to obtain enough accuracy on gradients evaluation.
This approach is different from converging the wave function at each given propagation step (for example 50 or 100) in the sense that numerical error accumulation does not appear abruptly.
Moreover this partial convergence has the supplementary advantage of obtaining a dynamical accuracy that is close to the BO approach where the minimisation energy procedure is fulfilled at each step.
The phase diagrams are determined by measuring the temperature dependence of the refractive index in the two phases of samples of critical composition.
While in ref. 1, separation temperatures were determined by visual inspection when cooling down homogenous mixtures, in this work, we investigate flame sealed samples of critical composition by a laser technique.
We determine the refractive index of the coexisting phases and of the one-phase region as function of the temperature applying the minimum beam deflection method.
This highly accurate method allows determining critical exponents, which cannot be achieved by the visual method applied in ref. 1 and in the work of other authors, who reported phase diagrams of other RTILs in alcohol solutions.
In samples of critical composition we determine the refractive index in the homogeneous phase above Tc and in the two phases below Tc using the minimum beam deflection method.
For the heterogeneous study, cyclic voltammetry with basal plane pyrolytic graphite electrodes modified with microdroplets of benzonitrile/TCBQ was employed.
Finally, the cross-phase electron transfer across the benzonitrile|water interface was examined when the TCBQ microdroplets were purposely made conductive by addition of a hydrophobic, nonpartitioning electrolyte in the oil phase.
The voltammetry associated with microdroplets has been shown to be very sensitive to the nature and concentration of ions in the surrounding aqueous phase as, in order to preserve charge neutrality within the unsupported microdroplets oil environment, ion insertion into or expulsion from the oil phase must take place during the Faradaic current flow.
In the first part, the well-documented electrochemical reduction of a hydrophobic benzoquinone derivative, p-chloranil (2,3,5,6-tetrachloro-1,4-benzoquinone, TCBQ), will be examined in homogeneous solutions of various aprotic solvents (namely: benzonitrile (BN), N,N,dimethylformamide (DMF), propylcyanide (PrCN) and dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO)).
In the second part, the redox chemistry of TCBQ will be further explored in the form of TCBQ/BN microdroplets immobilized at a bppg electrode surface immersed in various electrolyte solutions.
More recently, both the tert-2-hydroxycarboxylate ‘head’ group of naH6 (O1,O2) in addition to the glycerol ‘tail’ (O7,O8,O9) have been established as viable chelates of select transition metal ions using electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectroscopy, NMR spectroscopy, or potentiometry; EPR spectroscopy in particular continues to emerge as a powerful tool in studying metal–bioligand speciation.
These observations were investigated using EPR simulation procedures. The parent Ca(ii)–oxoCr(v)–naH6 signals (at pH values ≥ 4.49) simulated (correlation > 0.998) as comprising two singlets, two quartets, two septets (Table 1) and up to five additional high-field singlets (present in very low (<3.5%) concentrations at pH values ≥ 7.14).
The system was composed of a microchip with a Y-shaped microchannel and a dam structure, polystyrene microbeads, and a thermal lens microscope (TLM).
All reactions required for the immunoassay were done in the microchannel by successive introduction of a sample and regents.
The enzyme reaction product, in a liquid phase, was detected downstream in the channel using the TLM as substrate solution was injected.
The antigen-antibody reaction time was shortened by the microchip integration.
Immunoassay, represented by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), is a well-known and important analytical method in the life sciences.
It is an indispensable technique in biochemistry and clinical diagnosis fields because of its extremely high specificity and sensitivity.
The conventional heterogeneous immunoassay, however, has a relatively long assay time, and involves troublesome liquid-handling procedures and many expensive antibody reagents.
Moreover, automated assay systems used for clinical diagnoses require rather large apparatuses.
Most were preliminary reports that only mentioned the possibility of immunosorbent assay or an antigen-antibody reaction in a microfabricated device, however, we described a microchip-based immunosorbent assay system for determinations of some proteins with high sensitivity.
In that paper, we showed the reaction time necessary for an antigen-antibody reaction was reduced to 1/90 in the integrated system, because of size effects of the liquid microspace.
The system provided rapid and sensitive determination and showed a high correlation with the conventional assay in practical measurements of patients' sera.
In the system, colloidal gold fixed on the surface of microbeads via an antigen-antibody complex was detected by focused laser beams.
Although the method had high sensitivity, the precision was poor because of the difficulty in focusing the laser onto the top of spherical surface and the heterogeneity of the protein adsorption and antigen-antibody reaction on the small areas of the beads.
Therefore, for determination of one sample, 5–10 beads had to be measured with the TLM while the laser was successively focused on the top of each bead and then the average was taken.
In this paper, an ELISA system was integrated into a microchip, in which peroxidase was used as a labeling material instead of colloidal gold and an enzyme reaction product was detected in a microchannel with the TLM.
The current work constitutes an investigation of smaller fluoride–ammonia clusters, with up to three ammonias bound to a fluoride anion.
Our choice of computational methodology is guided by previous studies of the water–halide clusters.
Only the valence electrons were correlated in the MP2 and MP4 calculations.
MP2/aug-cc-pVDZ and MP2/aug-cc-pVTZ calculations were undertaken for F−–(NH3)2, while MP2/aug-cc-pVDZ calculations were performed for F−–(NH3)3 clusters.
Corrections to the intermolecular interaction energy arising from basis set superposition error (BSSE) were estimated using the method of Boys and Bernardi.
Harmonic vibrational frequencies were computed analytically at the same level of theory used for the geometry optimisations.
It should be remembered that the calculated vibrational frequencies overestimate the actual frequencies, due to not taking anharmonicity into account.
NBO analyses were performed on the clusters to determine the extent of H-bonding.
Enthalpy changes for the ligand association reactions at 298 K were estimated using the method described in .ref. 53.
Low temperature fluorescence line-narrowing (FLN) and spectral hole-burning experiments (SHB) were performed in the 2E←4A2 spin–flip transition of [Cr(2,2′:6′,2″-terpyridine)2]3+ in frozen ethylene glycol/water (2 ∶ 1) and DMSO/water (2 ∶ 1) glasses.
Often it can be overcome by the application of laser techniques such as fluorescence line narrowing (FLN) and spectral hole-burning (SHB).
Discrimination between neurochemical and macromolecular signals in human frontal lobes using short echo time proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Magnetic resonance spectra from large (35 cm3) frontal lobe voxels in vivo were analyzed using LCModel, with and without subtraction of a “metabolite nulled” spectrum with an inversion time of 650 ms to characterize the macromolecule baseline.
Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy can estimate the in vivo concentration of several important chemicals in the brain.
LCModel is a commercially available fitting package, which estimates the concentration of chemicals in the brain with reference to their individual spectra acquired using highly concentrated solutions.
This provides estimates of the separate concentrations in vivo of Glu and Gln, and of their combined signal Glx, along with estimates of the uncertainty in these concentrations, based on Cramer–Rao lower bounds.
The reliability of measurement of Glx is typically better than that of its individual components, and glutamine in particular would be considered generally to be unreliably determined in vivo.
One method to discriminate signals from macromolecules and neurochemicals is through their different spin-lattice (T1) relaxation times.
Therefore, spectroscopic acquisition can be preceded by an inversion pulse with a delay chosen to null the signal from one while maintaining signal from the other.
It is possible to suppress the lipids and macromolecules directly, using an inversion pulse with a short delay.
A better approach is to null the signal from small metabolites while maintaining signal from macromolecules.
The fraction of signal remaining (S/S0) at each inversion time (TI) is calculated from the estimated T1 of each species and the repetition time (TR) as: S/S0 = 1 – 2 exp(–TI/T1) + exp(–TR/T1)The resulting macromolecule-weighted spectrum can be subtracted from the original trace to leave a spectrum with only signal from small neurochemicals remaining.
Although this method of metabolite nulling has been demonstrated to be capable of separating out the macromolecule signal, it is not widely used in vivo, due to the doubled scan time, and the reduction in signal-to-noise ratio inherent in performing a subtraction.
However, when estimating cerebral concentrations of especially glutamate and glutamine, signal-to-noise is not as limiting as macromolecule signal overlap, so the benefits of this approach may outweigh the drawbacks.
Theoretical methods, in particular Monte Carlo (MC) and molecular dynamics (MD) simulations, can provide valuable complementary information not accessible to experimental approaches both in the characterization of ion–solvent complexes and in the specific mechanism of the involved interactions.
With regard to this point, various schemes have been proposed, for example, the polarizable continuum model (PCM), which incorporates the many-body interactions in an average way, or a direct approach by calculating the energy hypersurface of many-body interactions and then fitting them to an analytical function.
To describe molecular interactions correctly, more sophisticated simulation technique incorporating quantum mechanical algorithms, namely the combined quantum mechanical and molecular mechanical (QM/MM) method has been introduced.
Several hybrid QM/MM models combine either semiempirical, density functional, valence bond, or even ab initio Hartree–Fock methodology with commonly used force fields.
In recent years, a “Born–Oppenheimer ab initio QM/MM dynamics” has been proposed and successfully applied for elucidating structural and dynamical properties of various ions in solutions.
This technique treats the active-site region, i.e. the solvation shell around the ion, quantum mechanically, while the environment consisting of further solvent molecules is described by classical molecular mechanical potentials.
By this approach, the complicated many-body contributions as well as the polarization effects within the solvation sphere of the ion can be reliably included.
For ion solvation in mixed solvent systems, Born–Oppenheimer ab initio QM/MM molecular dynamics simulations have been successfully applied to Li+, Na+, Mg2+ and Ca2+ in aqueous ammonia solution.
The results from QM/MM simulations have provided more reliable geometrical arrangements of the solvated ion structures as well as ligand preferences in good agreement with the qualitative expectation according to Lewis acid–base interactions.
These include assessments of its vibrational frequencies, ordering of orbital energies, formation of inclusion compounds, NMR spin–spin coupling constants, and heat of formation.
Theoretical work in this area was pioneered by Pyykkö, who used Hartree–Fock (HF) and perturbation theory (MP2) methods to study the aurophilicity (metallophilicity between gold atoms) in [X–Au–PH3]2 dimers, where X is one from a range of groups such as the halogens, methyl and SCH3.
The structure studied in most detail was the C2 symmetric arrangement shown in Fig. 1a, in which the P1–Au1–Au2–P2 dihedral angle is fixed at 90° in order to zero the leading dipole–dipole term between the two monomers, and hence to allow more unencumbered focus on the aurophilicity.
Further insight has more recently been gained from the work of Schütz, Werner et al., which focuses on the use of the local MP2 (LMP2) approach.
Schwerdtfeger and co-workers have recently examined metallophilicity using traditional MP.2.
Pyykkö et al. used MP2, MP3 and MP4(SDQ) to study [H–Au–PH3]2 and [Cl–Au–PH3]2, extending their [H–Au–PH3]2 calculations to the CCSD and CCSD(T) levels.
They found that the values of the interaction energy oscillated quite strongly as the higher level methods were introduced, and noted “this area will require further investigation”.
We have also conducted density functional theory calculations.
DFT has a reputation for producing the correct answer for unreliable reasons.
The former can be probed with linearly polarised light, and have been the subject of many investigations into the alignment of product angular momentum with respect to a reference axis.
However, such measurements give us no insight into the sense of this angular momentum.
The use of circularly polarised light overcomes this difficulty and allows orientation parameters to be measured.
Powder XRD spectra were collected on a Siemens Kristalloflex Mod.F (Ni-filtered Cu Kα).
TPR-Raman spectra were obtained on a Renishaw Raman System 1000, with an Ar laser (514 nm, 25 mW) fitted with an in-situ cell that allows control of temperature and gas flow.
Profiles A1, A2, B1 and B2 were obtained after: SR–MO–SR–SO.
After intermediate MO procedures, further TPR profiles (A1′, A2′, B1′ and B2′) were recorded.
We apply the formalism to a model system representing two human blood cells in blood.
In section II we derive the force between two objects at zero temperature in terms of the electromagnetic normal modes; in this case the modes are not occupied.
In section III we extend the derivation to finite temperatures where the modes are in equilibrium with the thermal radiation field; in this case the modes are occupied according to the distribution function for mass-less bosons at the given temperature.
In section V we concentrate on spherical objects.
The uptake of acetone, 2-butanone, 2,3-butanedione and 2-oxopropanal on pure water was investigated by means of a single drop experiment.
This method allows to follow the concentrations in an aqueous drop in situ by UV-VIS-spectroscopy.
A separate model approach is used to discuss the impact of turbulent mixing of the drop.
In this regard the application of molecular assembly techniques has proven to be an excellent alternative to casting and evaporation methods in preparation of ultra-thin films.
In particular, Langmuir, (L), monolayers have been widely used as mimetic systems to investigate the self-organization and the nature of the intermolecular interactions, either at the air–water interface or in films transferred onto solid supports by the Langmuir–Blodgett, (LB), technique.
The film-forming features of the mixed monolayers were evaluated by means of surface pressure–area, π–A, and surface potential–area, ΔV–A, isotherms.
The conformational landscapes of adrenaline and pseudoadrenaline have been explored by electronic structure computation at the B3LYP/6-31+G*, MP2/6-31+G* and MP2/aug-cc-pVDZ levels of theory.
Experiments were carried out using two different techniques, the relative rate method and the pulsed laser photolysis-laser induced fluorescence technique.
The pulsed laser photolysis–laser induced fluorescence (PLP-LIF) technique was used to determine the absolute rate coefficients for the above reactions in the temperature range 241–373 K at around 100 Torr while the relative method enabled us to conduct the measurements at room temperature and atmospheric pressure.
H/D atoms were detected by (2 + 1) resonance enhanced multiphoton ionization (REMPI) at λ = 243 nm.
Accordingly, the fate of the photoexcited molecules is controlled by conical intersections between the usually strongly absorbing first excited 1ππ* state, a neighboring optically dark 1πσ* state, and the S0 electronic ground state.
The key role in the ensuing dynamics is played by the πσ* state which becomes repulsive along the NH or OH stretching coordinates and intersects the S0 state at long NH/OH bond lengths because the latter does not adiabatically correlate with the respective dissociation products in their electronic ground states.
Further work has been performed by electron energy-loss spectroscopy, photoelectron spectroscopy, and resonance enhanced multiphoton ionization (REMPI).
In addition, the experimental studies were complemented by theoretical electronic structure investigations.
Pyrrole was excited to the 1 1A2 (πσ*) state at λ = 243 nm, and the nascent H atoms were detected at the same wavelength by 2 + 1 REMPI.
More recent shock tube measurements at Ar-pressures up to 110 bar and temperatures around 1300 K realized marked deviations from the third order low pressure limit.
Sequential DNA hybridisation assays by fast micromixing.
Fluorescent labelling techniques are predominantly used to identify the sites where probe and target sequences match.
The performance of DNA microarrays is impressive as integration with microsystem technology progresses to increase the number of probe oligomer per unit area.
Thereby, the information density is increased considerably and enables large-scale genomic analysis such as gene expression profiling of whole organisms.
Although it seems that many application needs in industrial research and high-throughput screening can be satisfied with microarrays, there is an on-going interest in alternative DNA hybridisation technology, e.g. hybridisation-based sensors that depend on other sensing devices like fiber optics, surface plasmon resonance sensors or acoustic wave sensors.
Especially attractive solutions were presented particle-based probe oligomer immobilisation schemes.
Yamashita et al. proposed a microfluidic system based totally on laminar flow, where the DNA hybridisation occurs at the interface between the streams.
By tailoring the geometry of channel bends on their chip, only the newly formed and fluorescence-labelled DNA duplexes migrate into the bulk region of the second laminar stream for detection.
Another interesting contribution from Tamiya's group suggested the use of silicon micromachining to create platelet-like particles for immobilisation whose shape characteristics alone could code for different functionalisation and still be easily identifiable in mixtures.
However, there is a distinct lack of scale-up potential towards high-throughput applications in most of these approaches.
In some cases, the beads coated with probes could be sorted into a silicon frame and became individually addressable.
We wish to present a different approach with potential for high-throughput application by combining purely solution-based DNA hybridisation reactions with the use of a microfluidic system.
This device overcomes the mixing problem that is inherent to most microfluidic systems which work in the laminar flow regime and is based on the fine distribution of two laminar inlet flows (Fig. 1).
Potentially, this technology could allow for many thousand assays within just a few hours.
By using solution-based DNA chemistry, the need for immobilisation schemes is eliminated.
In this study we present a refined optical detection technique for investigation of fast reactions based on confocal fluorescence spectroscopy in a miniaturized continuous flow (μCF) reactor.
The special setup allows for simultaneous observation of the reaction on the basis of fluorescent resonance energy transfer (FRET) as an indicator of the reaction progress.
Determination of the flow velocity via spatial fluorescence cross-correlation enables the conversion of spatial information, i.e. the position of the detection point, into the respective temporal information.
To overcome the disadvantage of conventional continuous flow reactors of high sample consumption, we used a microfluidic chip allowing an economical expenditure of sample solution at low concentration, while the silicon/glass chip is perfectly adaptable to the confocal setup.
Time-resolved kinetic studies of chemical and biochemical processes provide essential information for a detailed understanding of molecular interaction and reaction mechanisms.
However, many of these reactions occur on very short time scales that render an appropriate time resolution particularly hard for conventional techniques of data collection.
Thus, a wide variety of techniques have been proposed in the past and developed for the initiating and probing of fast reactions in the time scale of microseconds and below, such as relaxation techniques for reversible reactions induced by temperature or pressure jumps, or flash photolysis for light-induced reactions.
For the observation of fluid-based reactions in general, continuous and stopped flow methods were introduced quite early on  and since then have been constantly improved with respect to temporal resolution from a few seconds down to the submicrosecond regime.
The beauty of the continuous flow kinetics is the concept of transforming the temporal information into a spatial one, supporting the simultaneous observation of a system at different time points by spatially resolved detection.
In spite of their conceptual elegance, continuous flow experiments usually suffer from the practical drawback that large amounts of sample solution are consumed during the experiment, which has in the past limited their applications.
Here, a fast sheath flow of reactant A from two side channels merges with the flow in a middle channel containing another reactant B, thereby focussing the solution in this central zone down to a thin layer (see also the schematic drawing in Fig. 1, right inset).
The control parameter in these mixing devices is the ratio of flow rates in the side and main channels.
The characteristic mixing time for this so-called hydrodynamic focussing depends on the size of the flow layers as well as on the molecular diffusion coefficients of the sample.
After initiating the reaction by mixing, a crucial requirement to investigate fast reaction dynamics is a high spatial resolution of the readout process along the channel.
In addition, proper readout parameters have to be defined which reliably reflect the reaction progress, and which can be determined with high sensitivity to avoid delays due to signal accumulation.
Furthermore, to precisely translate the spatial position of the observation points along the channel to the exact time points of the reaction, the control and knowledge of the flow velocity is indispensable.
Cross-correlation analysis of the signals results in a curve with a distinct maximum, corresponding to the average time that a molecule needs to travel the distance between both excitation volumes.
Contrary to alternative imaging techniques, dual-beam cross-correlation in a confocal setup allows for very sensitive analysis, and for real-time monitoring of the flow velocity with high spatial resolution.
In this sense, the theoretical analysis described in the first part of the present work indicated that it is necessary for the application of diagnostic criteria and/or appropriate methodologies for the evaluation of the kinetic parameters characteristics of the HER from the analysis of the experimental results corresponding to the hydrogen oxidation.
The proposed methodology is applied for the study of the hydrogen oxidation on a rotating disc electrode (RDE) of polycrystalline platinum.
Most striking has been the synonymous advent of real-time PCR and delivery of a robust quantitative gene measuring tool.
However, the post-genome era brings with it new problems and exposes old fissures that have undermined the application of PCR.
The scaling-up of pre-existing procedures for higher throughput would be inappropriate for continuous environmental monitoring and population studies.
Miniaturisation of PCR integrated bioassays potentially possesses all of the desired qualities and comes with additional benefits relating to sample tracking, contamination, and savings in finances and time.
However, most PCR experimental testing to date does not clearly relate the gene content measured to the contribution made by all specific cell types.
Increasingly the need to analyse from the single cell is gaining in popularity, and once again the packaging and process offered by integrated miniaturised PCR offers great promise.
Although this geometrical model has been successfully applied in a number of cases, it does not account for the finite size of the (molecular) elements in the system.
As a continuum model, the geometrical approach implicitly relies on a sample size well exceeding the size of its molecular constituents; this approximation therefore must break down when the sample size is on the order of typical molecular diameter.
For very small samples, a local, statistical description for the growth would seem more appropriate.
The simple way for this purpose is to immobilize directly naturally-occurring glycoconjugates such as glycoproteins and glycolipids on a substrate; however, this is not suitable for studying the role of the carbohydrate itself such as in molecular recognition.
It was developed to immobilize only the synthetic sugar chains on a substrate by using chemical methods such as Diels–Alder reactions and activated esterification; however, it required complicated chemical treatments such as the selective protection and de-protection of certain functional hydroxyl groups.
It is also common to achieve the immobilization through a Schiff's base linkage using an aldehyde group of a reducing end of a carbohydrate with an amine or hydrazide group; however, this method has a disadvantage of collapsing the reducing end.
The state and orientation of the sialylglycan on the QCM chip was confirmed by binding of SSA lectin from Sambucus sieboldiana, which is known to recognize specifically the NeuAc(α2-6)Gal/GalNAc sequence of carbohydrate chains of glycoconjugates [step (c) in Fig. 1].
Values for Δmmax and Ka were obtained at different immobilized amounts of sialylglycan on the QCM, and the results are shown in Fig. 3.
The kinetics of energy transfer and trapping in the RC have been studied by several groups using both ultrafast absorbance difference and fluorescence techniques.
Earlier fluorescence measurements performed on CP47–RC and larger PS II particles supported the fast energy equilibration between core antenna and RC.
The RI (resolution of the identity) technique achieves significant increases in efficiency for various molecular electronic structure methods.
This results from the approximation of four-center two-electron integrals by corresponding three-center integrals.
It is shown that the three-center integrals required can be evaluated with a much simpler algorithm than for the general case.
The evaluation of electron repulsion integrals (ERI) over basis functions a,b,c,d(ab|cd) = ∫ a(r1)b(r1)r12−1c(r2)d(r2)dτis a basic task in molecular electronic structure methods.
The computation of ERIs is typically the dominant step in HF (Hartree–Fock) and DFT (density functional theory) treatments of molecules if the electronic energy is computed exactly within a basis set expansion of molecular orbitals.
The RI (resolution of the identity) technique is a proven procedure for this purpose.
Other procedures have been developed for the very same purpose, such as CFMM (continuous fast multipole moment) in combination with the J engine method and Fourier techniques.
Multipole moment methodology can also be exploited within RI, thus combining the advantages of both procedures.
The results of a far infrared (FIR) investigation were interpreted in terms of planarity of the molecule, whereas a single vibronic level fluorescence (SVLF) study suggested that the molecule is non-planar, with the barrier to planarity attributed to a twisting motion at the oxygen atoms in positions 1 and 3.
The studies reported in refs. 5–7 combined the analysis of far-infrared and Raman spectra with that of laser-induced fluorescence (LIF) from electronic transitions between the ground (S0) and the first excited electronic (S1) states.
Analysis using a 2D model comprising of ring-puckering and butterfly motions, was performed in refs. 6 and 7 although some unusually large discrepancies between the observed and the calculated transition frequencies were obtained.
Since rotationally resolved techniques allow for unambiguous identification of vibrational states, some of us measured the rotationally resolved spectrum of several strong, mainly cold bands of the LIF spectrum of the S1 ← S0 (π* ← π) electronic transition of BDO.






