An estimate of the CdS nanoparticle size may be made from the following equation obtained by Brus for the lowest direct interband transition energy of a spherical quantum dot of radius R0 in the effective mass approximation:where E0 is the band gap in the bulk form, me and mh are the effective mass of electrons and holes respectively, e the electronic charge, ε the dielectric constant of the medium and αn is a function of dielectric constants and S is the electron-hole separation.
The second term in the right hand side of the above equation represents the quantum localization energy.
The third and fourth terms correspond to the Coulomb potential and polarization energy respectively.
For nanoparticles of CdS with radius in the range 1 to 4 nm, the polarization term is typically one third of the Coulomb term with opposite sign.
Incorporation of correction for the polarization term by appropriately rescaling the coefficient of the coulomb term leads to the following simplified expression for the energy E(R) for CdS particles of radius R, E0 = 2.43 eV and ε = 5.7.From the above equation, the radius of the CdS quantum dots synthesized within the AOT thin films was estimated to be 1.8 nm.
We have carried out this study for the FeMoco structure without the central ligand and with an equivalent FeFeco structure where the Mo atom is substituted by Fe.
Most importantly, the protonated water network is treated in the framework of a mixed density functional electronic structure theory/molecular mechanics approach.
This QM/MM Car–Parrinello molecular dynamics approach employed allows for stable dynamics on a picosecond time scale.
As mentioned above, the variation in k0 should be explainable within the framework of the energy-gap law, eqn. (2).
The most important variable within this expression is the amount of energy to be dissipated during nonradiative decay.
The remaining parameters in eqn. (2) are the Huang–Rhys factor (SM),9 the electron-vibrational coupling matrix element (C) and the averaged medium-frequency vibrational mode (hωM) coupled to nonradiative decay.
The coefficient γ depends on both the energy gap and the extent of nuclear displacement.
Usually, the full emission spectrum, at any temperature, can be expressed in terms of a weighted average, medium-frequency mode (hωM) of around 1380 cm–1.
This was not the case for the target compounds studied here since, even in fluid solution, it was necessary to include an additional low frequency mode (hωL) to properly express the emission spectra.
Thus, the normalised emission spectra could be reconstituted on the basis of eqn. (3)11 and using the data collected in Table 2.
It should be stressed that the inclusion of hωL in fluid solution is unique to those metal complexes equipped with the constraining strap.
In fitting the experimental data to eqn. (3) (Fig. 3), I(ν) is the normalised emission intensity at wavenumber ν, nM and nL are the vibrational quantum numbers for the averaged medium (hωM) and low (hωL) frequency acceptor modes, Δv1/2 is the half-width of individual vibronic bands and E00 is the energy gap for the 0–0 transition.
The quantities SM and SL are the Huang–Rhys factors for medium and low frequency modes, respectively.
Only the half-width depends on temperature and the other parameters were averaged over the entire temperature range (Table 2).
In this study all the calculations were performed in gas phase, so other components than drug structure were omitted.
The electronic structure is described within the Su–Schrieffer–Heeger model in an atomistic parameterization, which has been extended by a nonretarded reaction field to take dielectric polarization effects into account.
The emerging potential energy surface is analyzed using the Marcus theory of electron transfer.
To obtain the Schrödinger values we use the finite field CASPT2 approach, and the full CI scheme where possible.
The asymptotic behaviour of the exact density is exp(−2(2I)1/2r), whereas the asymptotic behaviour of the HF density is exp(−2(−2εhomo)1/2r).
This model consists of two parts: (1) the potential energies from the oxygen atoms inside the wall, represented by the potential model proposed by our group; (2) the potential energies from the silanol coverage and/or other unknown factors in the surface of the channel of MCM-41, represented by the cylindrical surface potential function of Tjatjopoulos et al. (G. J. Tjatjopoulos, D. L. Feke and J. A. Mann, J. Phys. Chem., 1988, 92, 4006–4007).
(2) the potential energies from the silanol coverage and/or other unknown factors in the surface of the channels of MCM-41, represented by the cylindrical surface potential function of Tjatjopoulos et al.
An alternative, which is our choice of model, is to cap the dianion dimer, 2, with up and down K+ ions, as in Fig. 1b.
With this configuration, monomer structures in a dimer stay roughly as observed in X-ray structures at all bond separations, and therefore the nature of internal bonding in a dimer can be investigated without causing artificial distortion of the monomers at all distances.
Geometries were then fully optimized apart from one constraint which is the C–C inter-monomer distance (R) corresponding to the reaction coordinate for dimer formation or scission.
For this reason, we have used a perfect pairing (PP) wave function with one correlated pair of orbitals, which is denoted by PP(1).
PP(1) is an exact wave function for H2 at all bond separations for a minimal basis, and is expected to capture the main qualitative features involved in a single bond formation such as π-dimerization of TCNE−˙.
We include it by second-order perturbative corrections to the PP(1) wavefunction, at PP(1) optimized geometries.
This level of theory is denoted as MRMP2//PP(1).
The standard 6-31G(d) basis was used for all calculations, which were performed using the GAMESS program.
Second-order perturbation theory is the simplest correction beyond the PP(1) level (or indeed beyond the mean field description) that includes dispersion forces, through treating dynamical correlation.
When the peptide sequence was drawn as a β-sheet model, hydrophobic Leu residues and hydrophilic Glu and Lys residues were separated on the different faces, and the amphiphilic faces were inverted at the centre of β-strand.
The size parameter is defined as the ratio of the circumference of the droplet, radius a, to the wavelength of the light, λ (x = 2πa/λ).
The axial trapping efficiency of a droplet, Q, can be determined by measuring the minimum incident laser power, P, required to counterbalance the gravitational force experienced by the particle, F.The refractive index of the surrounding medium is denoted by n, the speed of light by c, the particle density by ρ and the gravitational acceleration by g.
The host matrix was termed m-Ut(750), where m stands for mono, Ut indicates the urethane linkage and 750 denotes the average molecular weight of the organic precursor used (corresponding to about 17 (OCH2CH2) repeat units).
In the present work, the notation xH/yπ is used to describe an In(+)–Ln isomer with x H-bound and y π-bound ligands (x + y = n).
Quantitatively, σ2 for porphyrins in the near-IR excitation wavelength region may be calculated in the so-called single intermediate state approximation.
This is because the real intermediate level (the first Q-band) in porphyrins is close to the excitation wavelength (λex = 780 nm).
As a result, the contribution of this level into the two-photon cross section dominates over the rest of the intermediate levels.  discusses the application of the single intermediate level model to porphyrins in detail.
In the framework of this model, the two-photon cross section is proportional to: Here, subscripts 0, i and f refer to the ground, intermediate, and final excited states, respectively, Mi0 and Mif are the 0 → i and i → f transition dipole moments, respectively, Γ is the half width at the half maximum of the 0 → i transition, g(2νp) is the normalized lineshape function (in Hz–1), proportional to the cross-sectional contour of the final state, νp and νi0 are the photon frequency and the frequency of the 0 → i transition.
By applying the above formula to both dimer and monomer, we can express the ratio of the two cross sections as: where superscript D and M refer to dimer and monomer, respectively.
The three main factors contributing to the large TPA cross section of the dimer are the resonance enhancement term [(νi0 – νp)2 + Γ2]–1, the 0 → i transition dipole squared |Mi0|2, and the product of the i → f transition dipole squared and the normalized lineshape function |Mif|2g(2νp).
Under the conditions the experiments have been carried out, the non-zero results for this ratio can be explained only by assuming non-adiabatic coupling effects between different excited electronic states.
The interaction free energy between a particle (in this case bacterium) and a surface is described, from a theoretical point of view, as the sum of the Lifshitz–van der Waals, acid–base and electrical interaction free energies.
This theory, known as the extended DLVO (X-DLVO: Derjaguin, Landau, Verwey and Overbeek), provides the dependence of the interaction free energy with the separation distance.
The long-range Lifshitz–van der Waals and the short-range acid–base forces are obtained through the surface free energy of both interacting surfaces, expressed as the sum of the Lifshitz–van der Waals and acid–base surface free energy components (γLW and γAB, respectively).
A diagram of the PES for this reaction is presented in Fig. 1.
It is important to distinguish between product channels (2)–(4) and reaction paths (A)–(F) on the PES.
There are three reaction paths (A, C, and D) that lead to H + CO + CO2 products.
These paths involve either a four-membered OCCO ring (III) or a three-membered OCO ring (II) as reaction intermediates.
Similarly, there are two reaction paths (B and F) leading to OH + CO + CO.
The impedance models are usually represented by a repetitive spatial arrangement (transmission line) involving resistances and capacitors.
These elements pertain to the kinetic model that combines transport, reaction (or recombination) and charge accumulation processes.
Impedance models have been developed to treat these situations.
The transmission line model used previously1,2 is indicated in Fig. 1c.
It corresponds to the expression where Rt is the diffusion resistance, Rrec is the recombination resistance, ωd = Dn/L2 is the characteristic frequency of diffusion in a finite layer (Dn being the electron diffusion coefficient), ωk is the rate constant for recombination, ω is the angular frequency and .
The model of eqn. (1) is valid for homogeneous elements in the transmission line.
In addition, eqn. (1) considers only the modulation of the gradient of the Fermi level1 and not the current generators associated to position-dependent conductivity, as commented further below.
With these simplifications, the transmission line model can be solved analytically.
In the conditions of low recombination, Rt ≪ Rk, eqn. (1) reduces to the expression.
On the other hand, in conditions of large recombination, Rt ≫ Rk, the general impedance of eqn. (1) becomes the Gerischer impedance.
Fig. 2 shows the impedance shapes corresponding to the transmission line model of Fig. 1c.
Curves 1–5 are well described by eqn. (2), while curves 7–8 correspond to Gerischer impedance in eqn. (3).
All impedances show at high frequency a diffusion line of slope 1, which is implied by eqn. (1), Z(ω) ∝ (iω)−1/2 at ω ≫ ωk.
In the conditions of low recombination (ωk < ωd) for curves 1–3, the 45° line of diffusion is a minor feature at high frequencies.
The impedance is largely dominated by the reaction arc, the second term in eqn. (2), with the characteristic frequency ωk.
In contrast, at high recombination ωk < ωd, the impedance behaviour is similar to semi-infinite diffusion, curve .8
Diffusion of a laterally moving particle within the membrane can be described by the temporal scaling behavior of the mean square displacement (MSD) in dependence on the time Δt23〈r2〉 = MSD(Δt) = 4DΔtαwhere r(t) is the particle position at the time t, D the diffusion coefficient and α the scaling exponent.
For normal Brownian diffusion, the exponent α remains 1.
All calculations were performed at the HF level of theory using 6-31G, 6-31G** and TZV basis sets.
In recent years, reactivity descriptors such as hardness, softness, Fukui function etc. have emerged as powerful tools in predicting the reactive sites of molecules.
These reactivity descriptors are derived from density functional theory.
The fluid forms a laminar stream at the straight part, whereas laminar secondary flow occurs at the turning point of a microchannel.
This “laminar secondary flow” is the perpendicular flow to the principal laminar stream along the channel, and controlled easily by the channel structure and flow speed.
Thus, we can create any kind of fluidic system by changing the channel structure.
Furan⋯HCl evidently obeys this rule because it was shown to have a planar geometry of C2v symmetry, with the HCl lying along the C2 axis of the furan subunit so as to form a hydrogen bond to O. The experimental geometry of this complex is shown, drawn to scale, in Fig. 1, which also includes diagrams of related molecules.
This is clear from the structures shown in Fig. 1, which compares the experimental results for furan⋯HCl, furan⋯HBr and benzene⋯HBr.
In this theory, the colloid–colloid potential is split into two parts: a repulsive part modeled by the hard-core potential and an attractive part modeled by the square-well potential corrected by a linear tail.
The effect of the strength of the interaction can be accounted for by varying the width of the square-well potential (simulated by γ parameter) while the range of the interaction—by changing the “slope” of the linear potential (simulated by λ parameter).
In this method, the free energy functional was constructed in terms of the one and two particle density distribution functions, both for the liquid and solid counterparts.
The second approach which relies more on simple models follows closely the original ideas of van der Waals to account for the vapor–liquid transition.
In this theory, directed to charged colloidal suspension, the total potential energy of particles is assumed to be composed of an idealized hard-sphere repulsion to which a model attractive part is added.
The Gibbs–Bogoliubov inequality is then employed to construct the Helmholtz free energy in terms of a reference system free energy, and a correction consisting of a difference in potential energies of the model and reference systems, with the distribution function of the reference system taken to account for the thermal ensemble average.
The model system studied in this paper is the attractive square-well plus a linear tail potential schematically shown in Fig. 1.
The Krieger–Dougherty model was applied to describe the relation between relative high shear viscosity of the solution and volume fraction of the protein at both pD in order to elucidate the charge effect on the interaction potential.
Of particular importance are the following chemical reactions: O(1D2) + H2O → 2 OHO(1D2) + N2O → 2 NOO(1D2) + N2O → N2 + O2Reaction (3) is the single most important primary source of HOx radicals in the troposphere while reaction (4a) is the dominant primary source of NOx radicals in the stratosphere.
Assuming that atmospheric destruction of O(1D2) is completely dominated by reactions (1) and (2) (reaction (3) can actually make a small but significant contribution under humid lower tropospheric conditions), eqns. (I) and (II) can be readily derived to represent the production rates of tropospheric HOx and stratospheric NOx, respectively: d[HOx]/dt = 2J[O3]k3[H2O]/(k1[N2] + k2[O2])d[NOx]/dt = 2J[O3]k4a[N2O]/(k1[N2] + k2[O2])In the above equations, J represents the first order rate coefficient for production of atmospheric O(1D2) via O3 photodissociation, i.e., d[O(1D2)]/dt = J[O3].
Clearly, accurate evaluation of the above production rates requires accurate rate coefficients for reactions (1) and (2) over the range of temperatures encountered in the troposphere and stratosphere.
In units of 10−11 cm3 molecule−1 s−1, the Arrhenius expressions currently recommended by the NASA panel are k1(T) = 1.8 exp(110/T) and k2(T) = 3.2 exp(70/T) while the expressions recommended by the IUPAC panel are k1(T) = 1.8 exp(107/T) and k2(T) = 3.2 exp(67/T).
The electronic degree of freedom chosen for the propagation are the coefficients of the linear combination of atomic orbitals development where atomic orbitals are expressed upon Gaussian functions.
The associated Lagrangian includes all the usual terms (the electronic and kinetic nuclear energy) plus a term that allows the classical propagation of the wave function.
Consequently, the nuclear degrees of freedom and the wave function evolve according to the Newton law and the minimisation energy procedure can be normally avoided.
Since the appearance of the CP method, most of the algorithms are based on the density functional theory (DFT) approach coupled with a plane wave basis set description of the electronic structure.
Even if it can be viewed as a small modification of the Fock matrix, hybrid functionals have the advantage of including a large part of the electronic correlation contrary to the HF method.
The number of basis functions needed to describe molecular orbitals with a good accuracy is far smaller than with plane wave functions.
Recently a different CP molecular dynamics approach has been proposed where the dynamics variables chosen to represent the electronic degree of freedom are the individual elements of the reduced one-particle density matrix expressed with Gaussian orbitals.
Instead of using a density matrix scheme, we use the original CP Lagrangian.
Consequently, the dynamics variables chosen to represent the electronic degree of freedom in this approach are the molecular orbitals ψi.
By means of a Verlet scheme, the nuclear coordinates and the coefficients of the LCAO development of each molecular orbital are jointly propagated in order to reproduce an accurate dynamical behaviour of the molecular system.
These observations are interpreted within the framework of the TICT model.
In 2.1 we will outline that in cases when long-range r−n interactions with 3 < n < 5 determine the phase transition the critical exponents will deviate from the Ising values.
It is well known that thioindigo and other indigo-derivatives shown in Scheme 1 (a) undergo photochromism, i.e., reversible trans–cis isomerization around the central CC bond on photo-excitation.
The most abundant sialic acid in humans is N-acetylneuraminic acid (naH6; Scheme 1) which occurs predominantly as the terminal residue of protein- and lipid-based cell-surface glycoconjugates.
The interaction between Ca(ii) and naH6 has been investigated previously; the structure of a binary (1 : 1) complex determined from 1H and 13C NMR spectroscopy (Scheme 1) proposes Ca(ii) binds to naH6 (as the free acid, where β : α ∼ 92 : 8) via the carboxylate O1, OR, O7 and O8 groups.
The ternary Ca(ii)–oxoCr(v)–naH6 species (two geometrical isomers each) are assigned (Table 1) as {Ca2[CrO(O1,O2-naH4)2]}3+ (CaI (a,b)), {Ca2[CrO(O1,O2-naH4)(O8,O9-naH3)]}2+ (CaIII (a,b); Scheme 2) and {Ca2[CrO(O8,O9-naH3)2]}+ (CaVI (a,b); Scheme 2).
The chemically most relevant region, the first solvation sphere of K+, was treated by Born–Oppenheimer ab initio quantum mechanics using LANL2DZ basis sets, while the rest of the system was described by classical pair potentials.
In section IV we use a Lorentzian distribution function.
In section VI we let the Lorentzian distribution function be peaked in the microwave region and apply the theory to the force between two water drops, between two air bubbles in water and finally between two human blood cells in blood.
For species that do not show reactions in the liquid phase these are (i) the gas phase diffusion described by the diffusion coefficient Dg, (ii) the actual transfer across the interface which is governed by the mass accommodation coefficient α, and (iii) the Henry's law saturation described in terms of HD0.5l.
This can be converted to the SI units mol N−1 m−1 by mol N−1 m−1 = 9.87 × 10−3 mol l−1 atm−1.
γmeas, which is the net probability for the uptake of a molecule of the trace gas species that hits the surface, can be expressed according to the so-called resistance model as follows: Here v is the average thermal velocity of the gas phase molecules, R is the gas constant, T is the temperature, and t represents the time the liquid phase is exposed to the gas phase; Γg accounts for the effect of gas phase diffusion.
The electrostatic effects of the environment, which are expected to strongly affect the CI topology, are accounted for by a dielectric continuum model.
At the level of description adopted here (which allows for considerable generalization), the model involves (i) a description of the environment as a dielectric continuum (Section 2) which translates to a solvent coordinate picture, previously exploited in models for charge transfer reactions strongly coupled to large amplitude nuclear motion, see e.g.refs. 7, 25–29, in conjunction with (ii) a representation of the chromophore's electronic structure in a diabatic basis of states which are constructed such as to preserve their charge character in the nonadiabatic coupling region.
This type of basis is best adapted to formulate the interaction with a polar and polarizable environment.
(The term diabatic is here meant in a loose sense, to describe a basis which has “smooth” properties and approximately diagonalizes the nuclear kinetic energy operator.)
In this first effort, we focus on a simple realization of such a basis in terms of valence bond (VB) type states suitable for the description of PSBs, as an extension of the two-electron two-orbital model by Bonačić-Koutecký, Koutecký, and Michl (Section 3).
The reactions studied can be written as C4H4NH + hν → H + C4H4NandC4H4ND + hν → D + C4H4N → H + C4H3NDThe two excitation wavelengths (243 and 217 nm) will be indicated below by unprimed and primed labels, where appropriate.
It is based on the correlation of the experimental dependence j(η,ω) with a theoretical expression together with some constraints that involve the use of the equilibrium polarisation resistance, which reduces the number of adjustable parameters.
It is based on the correlation of the experimental dependence j(η,ω) with a theoretical expression together with some constraints that involve the use of the equilibrium polarisation resistance, which theoretical dependence on the rotation rate is also derived.
As opposed to the non-local growth rule of the geometric model, the Monte Carlo (MC) simulations are characterized by statistical growth behavior in the following manner: a film is subdivided into cells, and the individual cells can crystallize depending on the state of their direct neighbors.
From saturation binding measurements, the maximum binding amount (Δmmax) and binding constant (Ka) could be obtained according to eqn. 1, where [SSA]0 is the initial concentration of SSA lectin.
An introduction of the RI technique conveniently starts from the definition〈f|g〉 = ∫ f(r1)r12−1g(r2)dτwhich fulfils all requirements of a scalar product: it is linear and positive definite, since 〈f|f〉 = 0 if and only if f = 0.
ERIs are then simply written as (ab|cd) = 〈ab|cd〉.
Let us now introduce a set of functions labelled P, Q and the projection operator onto this space where MPQ denotes matrix elements of the inverse of 〈P|Q〉. is optimal in the sense is usually called ‘resolution of the identity’; its insertion into eqn. (1) yields the RI approximation for ERIs (using parentheses for two-electron integrals since this is common usage for the charge density notation) We similarly get a concise expression for the Coulomb energy J of a charge distribution ρ(r)which has an error (O||δρ||2) in the sense of eqn. (4).
The functions P, Q are usually termed auxiliary or fitting functions, since eqn. (6) implies that ρ is approximated as ρ ≈  = ρ.
The approximation in eqn. (5) decomposes four-index ERIs into two- and three-index-terms which is its most important feature.
The formal O(N4) effort to evaluate (ab|cd), N = number of basis functions, is thus reduced to O(N3).
If the auxiliaries P, Q are chosen as atom-centered functions one further has to deal with three-centre integrals only, which leads to additional simplifications as will be demonstrated below.
The errors introduced by the approximation in eqn. (5) are of no concern if optimized auxiliary functions are employed.
We will use throughout the text the notation υp, υf and υt to label the vibrational states of ring-puckering, flapping (or butterfly) and twisting motions, respectively.
The electronic transitions will be labelled using the notation Nn1n0, where N labels the normal mode, n0 is the vibrational quantum number for this mode in S0, and n1 is the corresponding value in S1.


